four three two one
mr. Baker how are you mr. Rogan I'm
doing well thanks very much what's going
on man what are you doing in town
I just was in town doing some work on a
sizzle reel for a show a new show about
that you tell people what it is well
it's actually two of them one I can talk
about it can tease it a little bit the
marketing department I guess has to
approve everything that said it started
out it's gonna be on the Discovery
Network I need a science Channel and it
we're starting the main filming in
February and we should be finished by
the end of March so you know standby but
it's started with a discussion about
hidden budgets in the Defense Department
like dark arts stuff yeah it's good the
show's gonna be called black files and a
UFO type shit well there's gonna be some
of that uh some but but from a you know
not from a you know you know did they
lie at land today not it's it's we're
really actually kind of tearing into
some of the programs that were funded by
you know hidden money in the Defense
Department and how do they do that well
I mean if you take like the CIA for
example the agency's budget is hidden
inside it's not hidden but it's placed
inside the Defense Department and it's
and it's a classified piece of
information obviously because the
Defense Department gets a certain budget
the CIA gets a piece of that but
nobody's allowed to know how much right
or where it's been right because
obviously you know the Russians the
Chinese whomever would like to know you
know how much money is sent over to the
agency so that they can get a sense of
size resources capabilities that sort of
thing so that's where the show concept
started you know what what does that
money spent on both in the old days and
now so it's a it's it kind of spans you
know historical operations and events
and activities and special units and it
goes up to the present time and says you
know where is you know money being
devoted now for new technology or new
programs new operations new intelligence
gathering efforts whatever it might be
so it's yeah I think it's it's got a lot
of promise you know hopefully people
tune in and find it interesting well
people are always curious about where
the money goes yeah yeah and you know I
am
like who oversees it who gets who gets
to decide like what gets spent on what
and how much money goes where and I do
actually know I do this it's my job
it's a good question you know that's I
think a lot of people would be surprised
at the amount that we're talking about
you know and it's not just it's not the
intelligence community it's also the
military obviously can you discuss the
actual numbers or could you discuss the
numbers that they used to have we'll be
able to discuss the numbers that went
into past operations but anything that's
currently classified obviously one's not
gonna touch all right but we've been
working hard and the producer has been
working very hard to get excellent
access you know where possible and get
cooperation where possible it's gonna be
a fairly immersive effort so it's the
benefit of the CIA even divulging any of
this information like why would they
cooperate why wouldn't they say hey shut
the fuck up yeah well and and and and
frankly they should and and they have
and they will but not necessarily with
the agency but with other departments
and certainly within the military
there's you know some information out
there that's accessible there's some
ability to get them to cooperate on on
certain again Declassified operations
that just haven't come to light look at
a lot of shits been Declassified over
the years that's just never been looked
at or talked about you know somebody
maybe get some wild hair up their ass in
missus I'm gonna look into this program
and then they start you know peeling it
back it's not that it's classified it's
just nobody's ever bothered to dig into
that information once it is too
classified so you know it's it's it's
gonna be a lot of fun a lot of travel
some great people working on the program
but you know apparently I have to keep
it pretty much at that until the
marketing department says okay here's
what you could say right so eventually
you'll be able to spill the beans to
tell us everything exactly so like what
they're making something like the b-52
if they're making a stealth bomber if
they're making some spaceship looking
thing like you're talking this insane
amount of money in research and
development and the budget of these
things and they have to keep all that
under wraps yeah shed yeah I mean look
at you go back to the old days of of the
u2 program new to program was developed
a designed built maintained flown by the
CIA all those years ago right now that
was a massive effort and a lot of money
and it was done under budget and it was
done on time in part because I think you
know things were a little bit easier
back then and we weren't all pissing on
each other up on Capitol Hill but yeah
there's so it's it's it's programs like
that that I think will surprise people
when they find out both who was running
it who was responsible and to the degree
possible you know what did it cost us
and you know who was involved and and to
what degree did it lead to something
else that we're doing now so there's a
lot of lot of you know threads to pull
on I think it should be a lot of a lot
of fun so there's constantly projects
that are in development that people
other than the people that need to know
the general public has no idea that's
always the the purse the the people on
the outside folks like myself you look
at that you know wonder what kind of
shit they have but they don't tell us
about that's what you always want like
what kind of invisibility cloak what
kind of crazy you know that would be
good dark matter weapons and what are
they doing ya know it's it and it's it's
true I mean you get these incredibly
smart people and it but it comes down
it's as simple as somebody gets an idea
they're sitting around a table it's not
unlike going out with your buddies and
drinking and thinking you know come and
somebody comes up with some you know
dumbass idea the next thing you know it
turns into a TV show or something but
it's it's it's not unlike that a lot of
smart guys sitting around a table
thinking well here's the problem how do
we resolve it and the key is to do it
creatively right they come up with
because if you get a bunch of engineer
sitting around a table you hope that
they're not at all approaching it from
the same point of view right it's like
with an operation if you've got it
you got a high-value target out there
and you got to figure out how to get yet
access get to them you want ideas coming
in from all directions you don't want it
you don't want to you know squelch
creativity and believe it or not I mean
the Intel community the military
they've been enormously creative over
the years in developing new technologies
and developing operational ideas and
methodologies so it's what we're trying
to do is shed some light on that well I
would imagine there's a certain amount
of I don't want to use the word fun but
that's really the right word like some
of it's got to be fun to develop this
stuff and to implement it and go out and
get bad guys with it and to see your
pride
come to fruition and actually have a
positive effect on the world absolutely
I mean if you it really is its it's that
something because you know in operations
anyway you know you engage in something
out there in some you know you know
place around the world wherever it may
be and you know you realizes you walk in
a way that you know there's not a lot of
people doing this at this moment on the
planet right I mean so the operational
activity itself is is enormous ly
entertaining as long as it goes right
but it's also the buildup it's all that
homework that gets you there right it's
it's like that take down a bin Laden we
didn't just happen to get lucky and rock
up on its doorstep right in the body bod
that was eight or nine years of fucking
hard work right heavy lifting chasing
down countless bad leads and doing
enormous amounts of surveillance street
work and and tracking down assets and
doing a mean just it just the hard hard
work that eventually allowed that you
know all those guys from from the teams
to land and do their job that's what's
interesting to me - is that the guy
who's writing the book about all this
stuff and talking about you know the man
who shot bin Laden that guy is persona
non grata in the community like you
talked to the other seals they're like
you don't you don't do that right right
you don't do that you know you don't
write books about that you don't talk
about that and I'll it for a short-term
gain you know you make some profit off
of it but you lose the brothership you
lose a yeah exactly you you're you're
kind of on the outs in the club and but
I will say this the reason why I think
the horse got out of the barn on on that
whole issue of guys writing books are
getting out there and talking about
specific operations it's because senior
commanders and and senior people right
people that came out of the top levels
of government started writing their
memoirs you know started revisiting
history while they were it was their
watch and then and coming up with you
know their explanations for history and
I think all the guys below you know
junior ranks and street level operators
they looked at that and thought what the
fuck if they can do it right on me and
because you've got to set the tone from
the top and I think that's where it got
it got you know kind of sideways
plus when you have someone who
you know has a crazy story like marcus
luttrell and it becomes an amazing movie
it also it does help the community right
because it gets a bunch of people that
are really interested in becoming a seal
it gets people to appreciate the the
unbelievable sacrifice and hard work
that's involved yeah I think that's I
think that is there is an upside right
yeah there's an upside to it but I think
you this it's a fine balance right what
point do you go over that line so so
you're right in the sense that you know
we see that with who mad with the FBI or
DEA you know they got out there and put
their thumbprint on some TV shows right
because I think it kind of it it
expanded in in part awareness of what
they do I'm sure it helped their
recruitment and so the seals are no
different but at the same time you know
you sign a piece of paper at the very
beginning that says you're gonna keep
your Yap shut
yeah and and it's one thing to come out
work from whatever unit or whatever team
or whatever organization and say I'm
gonna write I don't know about my time
in it and it's not a look at sources and
methods not look at operations it's not
that it's more of you know this is what
happened you know during my time and I
think there's I'm not explaining it very
well but I think there's a way you can
do that without screwing the pooch but I
think that I think the seals got
overexposed and I think a lot of the
guys resent that
yeah and so but again you're right there
there was some upside to it
well there's upside to some of the
stories right like that definitely is
upside to marcus luttrell store because
it's just so incredible to be fresh in
here about it but I think that there's
also it's important to maintain that
honor it's more important to maintain
that that bond of silence you know that
you guys you know they're doing
something that is probably one of the
most dangerous and one of the most in
terms of special operations one of the
most significant in in in all of
military in this country right yeah I
think the the old-school guys the
old-school operators out of the teams
are definitely like yeah just shut your
pie-holes
don't talk about yeah the newer guys
again because they came up in a
different time right I mean information
flows all around as much
easier and quicker than it did in the
70s and 80s and you know early 90s but
nowadays people are just used to reading
everything as soon as it happens and I
creates a different mindset so the
younger guys in there
they don't necessarily view it the same
way I didn't even think about it until
the dick marchenko books came out those
were a long time was a long time ago
yeah that's when I really was like wow I
can't they wear regular clothes
I mean I'm I mean I think I was like
probably 18 or 19 when those books were
out and I remember thinking what it this
is crazy wear long hair and they dress
like hippies it's just normal and go out
and invade go ahead vade just invading
hippies but I know they would get I mean
marchenko is famous for wanting his guys
to get drunk together too before like
big things yeah
well it's it's an idea team-building
camaraderie yeah and however you do it
but there was there was that sense that
we do it and it's off the radar yeah
it's not talked about yeah and we take
pride in that but again I'll go back to
the same thing if if like Bob gates you
know Bob gates writes a book you know a
former director of the agency and he's a
brilliant guy great guy but he writes a
book and you know and then you get
somebody else maybe Mike Morell writes a
book and so from you know inside the CIA
you got a lot of officers going well
shed maybe when I get out I'll write a
book because what I'm doing is pretty
damn interesting and there's no laws
against that
well there there are that's in and you
know anybody who reveals sources and
methods anybody who who breaks their
agreement in terms of the proper
handling which is a lifetime agreement
of classified information there's
supposed to be consequences and
sometimes there are and sometimes if
you're senior enough maybe there's not
but yeah you you know you sign a piece
of paper at the very beginning I'll
never forget that I read it you know and
I said ok good it was such keep your Yap
shut
I mean I don't want oversimplify it but
it says you're being given the
responsibility of handling extremely
sensitive information and information
that that if released can easily result
in the loss of life I mean it's as
simple as that essentially and your
obligation is to shut your mouth and not
talk about sources and methods and
things that you know better not to talk
about and
but I think that the kind of the drip
drip drip right of the books and the
things that come out and there and the
anonymous sources like the New York
Times can write a an entire front page
article based on nothing but anonymous
sources nowadays never used to have them
right okay you know editors would sit
there and go hey you know you better get
yourself some additional you know
sources right and that we can discuss so
people can put it in context nowadays
that's not the case why do you think
that is I think I don't know I word part
of it is low standards low ilysm yeah I
think lower standards I think
competition I think the desire to get
information out there quickly because
every journalist is now playing beat the
clock with everybody who's got a
smartphone right and fancies themselves
a blogger or a journalist on Twitter or
whatever so they're all they're all
doing this and I think it's just this
idea right that says I it reminds me of
me I had a meeting with with my company
diligence for all your information and
security needs and it was with a major
multinational corporation and I was
meeting with their head of security and
some other folks and they do a lot of
work overseas and some very difficult
places and the competition that they
face in their sector is huge and so we
went in there and we thought this would
be great there's a lot of things we can
do for them in terms of gathering
information preventing them from making
mistakes as they're going into a new
market all of these things and the
bottom line was they said they looked at
me and I said now you know what
competitions so fierce we're just gonna
go in if we make mistakes we'll clean it
up later
and they were willing to do that it's
like acceptable lost credit card fraud
loss you know for MasterCard or whomever
they're willing to accept millions and
millions and millions of dollars as
acceptable loss for the cost of doing
business and so it's a little bit like
that I think with journalism they're
willing to just throw shit out there and
hey if they have to make a retraction
fine but it compromises the way a person
like myself views the news I mean look I
hate to quote Trump but when he he's
like parrots that fake news term over
and over again you if you are a person
who's or an organization that's being
accused of lying it seems to me you
should
really dot your i's and cross your T's
from then on out I mean you're being
accused of lying by the president and I
think it responsibly accused I mean the
way he does it he does it to avoid
questions that make him uncomfortable I
mean and as the president I just don't
think you should be able to do that
right you can't point to someone from
CNN and your fake news yeah like wow it
smells right it serves no purpose for
the press that I agree with the other
percent I so much of what this
administration does is a self-inflicted
wound right and and part of it is is is
that they're just crap and messaging
part of it is this idea that you know he
just says what's on his mind and he does
yeah it's almost like he's got
Tourette's but I think he views it as a
strength he views it as a reason why he
got elected and a lot of people out
there think yeah that's his base you
know the people they're really behind
him no matter what I think they view it
as part of his charm as well and the
problem is he does release classified
information sometimes yeah we've had
that problem with several
administrations they just don't know
what to not say well I think part of it
again is yeah there's there's a laxness
that's developed over the years and I
don't know why right because you know I
mean I think about all various security
issues we face and look we've been a war
for you know 17 years right since 9/11
and all these things that have been
happening to us you would think that
we'd be pretty buttoned up but now every
administration has had its moment where
it's let slip and whether it was the
press secretary whether it was somebody
rushing to the podium it was somebody on
Capitol Hill I mean they're famous for
it up there you know congressmen and
congresswomen or senators all in the in
the rush to get in front of the camera
to talk about something and then you
know shit happens things get out that it
shouldn't so I think it's it it all kind
of contributes to this mentality that we
started off talking about with with the
seals where you know they're you know
why are we in this point where people
are writing books and maybe getting
outside the box and I think it's just
because yeah it's this constant drip and
lowering of standards like you mentioned
I think and it's I don't think we walk
that dog bag I don't you know it's just
the way it is now you're not in the
agency anymore but I'm sure you stayed
tight with people that are still there
what what is the attitude now with this
administration like what they're doing
with like his the way he attack
the FBI and the wait just seems it seems
so reckless yeah it's it's uh it's
unusual I mean that look like okay this
here's the way I feel but I didn't vote
for for the president I didn't vote for
Hillary Clinton
I didn't think either were more than you
know the best we could do in a country
of over 300 million we've talked about
that for that was you or I that did what
Hillary did would be in jail yeah
exactly yeah and so but as far as you
know what the the current mood inside
the agency is I mean if you talk to some
former folks they you know they they'll
say uh morale is awful that was terrible
and you know they just say you just you
know hating life because there's no I I
don't find that I find that the frankly
they just more focused on operational
concerns and priorities and tasking than
anything else
everybody's got a personal opinion right
but I do think that the agency has
proven itself over the years at being
better at pushing that down and
understanding and in part because it's a
smaller organization right then most of
them then almost all of them and but
he's an he's not he doesn't go out to
the CIA right he's only gone after the
FBI
he's got the FBI I mean he's you know
he's questioned he's done he's done some
things in terms of questioning CIA
analysis and and and you know some of
the advice and guidance that they've
provided but that again you sort of look
at and go hey look we're feeding this
into the NSC the National Security
Council you guys you know that's that's
that's an editorial process at that
point you guys are gonna have to make
your decisions you know people are gonna
say I'm just saying this because I'm
subjective and I you know I'm providing
top cover for the agency but for the
most part they just focus on getting
shit done and we also have the benefit
of big focused overseas so we're not
like the Bureau is you know it's a
domestic organization right so they you
know they're drawn in the agencies got
the advantage of look we're having to
deal with crap over there right not here
so now what did you think when he said
they were gonna pull out of Syria well
first of all yeah yeah they just had
that we've lost some servicemen up in
northern Syria today
today as a result of a bombing up there
yeah Isis is taking credit for it so
there-there was a Patrol we've got
roughly 2,000 personnel in Syria and for
the most part what are they doing there
what they're providing guidance training
they're assisting with targeting and
because the the airpower is incredibly
important over there right now and so we
are our personnel are very much involved
in selection of identification of
targets for the air campaign and so we
have these two thousand troops their
president says he's gonna withdraw and
then then some of the members of the
administration start walking that dog
back right and saying all right I may
not happen right away but yeah they just
a routine patrol if there's never really
such thing as a routine patrol but
there's a patrol and it got hit the
military is not releasing a lot of
details because they haven't finished
notifying next to Ken but numbers so far
indicate possibly four service men lost
and that's going to refocus I think
Congress and hopefully the White House
on what the hell's going on the problem
I've got with it is in terms of
withdrawing look we could stay there
forever and not accomplish the task
right if the task is to finally defeat
whatever that means radical Islam
jihadists Isis that shit's never gonna
happen we're not in our lifetimes we're
not going to get rid of that mentality
that that ideology the sort of what
seems to be sometimes a bottomless well
of recruits that they can draw on their
ability to morph into something else as
al Qaeda did over depending on you know
how successful we are in a campaign
against them they're like you know again
it's a it's it's you know it's like you
know you step on roaches over here and
they pop up over here so I think it's
the the biggest problem I've got is is
that if we leave we're not we're not you
know it's not like we're engaged in fire
fights every day with Isis over there
right we've left that to our allies and
our allies in most part up there in the
north of Syria are the Kurds and the
Kurds have been our allies in one way or
another in that part of the world for a
long time now and it played a very
important role and we have not been
particularly honorable over the over the
years in terms of how sometimes we deal
with them if we walk out if we leave
then
Dajuan you know ahead of Turkey I
guarantee you we'll be in there in short
order to kill as many of them as
possible because that's just what the
Turkish authorities are going to do they
honestly they're they couldn't be
happier with the announcement that we're
gonna leave because that opens the door
for them to then go in there and from
their perspective stamp out the Kurdish
alliance that have been our allies were
the only thing our presence that small
presence you know not minimizing it but
you know 2,000 troops has been what's
prevented them from doing that so that's
that's the number one issue I've got the
other is I have no idea why any
president or vice president or anybody
in in the government ever not this
administration or any administration
ever thinks it's a it's a good idea to
say we've defeated the enemy when we're
talking about radical Islam we've seen
it over and over again from previous
administration from the Bush
administration every time they say you
know we've done it mission accomplished
mission accomplished I would be beaten
al Qaeda or we beat nicest it's there's
no upside to saying that shut the fuck
up stop saying things like that it's
again it's a self-inflicted wound at the
because now what's happening yeah the
media is not focused on the fact that
we've lost servicemen they're focused on
well just just the other day the
president said we defeated Isis and the
vice president today said the same thing
now look what's happened there's no
benefit to saying that and it's not
going to happen anyway so so the goal of
being over there is to assist our allies
but also to make sure that these Radical
factions don't become more powerful and
then eventually affect us and attack us
so we can keep an eye on what they're
planning what they're doing is that yes
that an accurate
yeah it is it's it's it's exactly it I
mean if you look at the reason we went
into Afghanistan and if we go back all
the host years only shut and that was
because the Taliban allowed al-qaeda to
establish a beachhead in there for
training and for communications and for
finance and for plotting and planning
attacks outside of Afghanistan against
us and our allies that's why we went in
there aside from just seeking revenge
obviously was to route that out we then
stayed you know thinking somehow we were
going to turn the tide of history and
create some pseudo federal democracy
right so that didn't that didn't work
but the reason now for being in Syria is
yes we we have done a very solid job of
beating back Isis removing their
territory and degrading their ability to
operate but we haven't stamped them out
we haven't defeated them yet they're
still there and so we've been providing
the support and again in the form of
weapons hardware gear of resources
training and most importantly combat air
operations air assaults and that's been
critically important if we leave I have
no doubt that Isis will find some way to
rejuvenate maybe not in its current form
but and maybe not in the same exact
locations but they'll morph because
that's what they do they just they just
find a way to adapt and we already know
what's happened in the past when we when
we left Iraq we saw what happened with
the rise of Isis so you know I the do I
want to stay there forever absolutely
not but both sides can make a valid
argument one for staying one for leaving
my I think the best argument for staying
in the in certainly a short midterm is
to ensure that Iran doesn't slaughter a
bunch of Kurds who have been working
with us
honorably you know I don't know how else
to say that so we'll see what happens is
the best argument to stay is to protect
the people that helped us
to protect our allies yeah yeah so it's
not in our best interest is in the best
interest of our commitment and our
agreement with them well is it in our
national security interest to stay in
Syria for example look right there was
this there's so many levels to this
thing and I'm sure right now everybody's
listening going off fucksake he's not
gonna disappear down the rabbit hole but
but yes I am it for a while there there
was just this this idea this was
ridiculous pie in the sky thought that
we were gonna get the Russians out of
Syria never gonna fucking happen
Russians said the only port for their
Black Sea Fleet is in Syria yeah they've
been there for decades and decades along
with Iran
we're net we it's not going to happen
unless we want to go to war with Russia
to kick them out of Syria that's not in
our best interest so is it in our
national security interest to keep
troops there to fight and try to
minimize Russian involvement in Syria I
don't think so
because we're not gonna shift them off
that dime without going directly at them
right it's in their best interest to
stay and every nation acts in its own
best interest are we going to shift Iran
are we going to keep Iran from forming
from too late for that they've already
got a beachhead there that they're not
going to give up and so you got to set
those issues aside say well what the
hell are we doing there oh we are we
there simply because we have to you know
finish the fight against Isis well you
know at some point you gotta say you
know I guess I wouldn't say that we've
defeated them but I think we would say
yeah we've degraded them sufficiently
that we can we can now operate from
elsewhere you know we can operate from
forward bases in other locations where
we're currently you know based great but
again I keep coming back to the same
thing that you know we've we've worked
with the Kurds is this in our national
security interest well no I guess it's
not but there's something that tells me
it's the right thing to do and and maybe
sometimes that's enough you know that we
should we should not let Iran have his
way and also long term wouldn't it be in
our best interest to honor our
commitment and make sure that we protect
our allies so that in the future other
allies would be more willing to
cooperate with us because they
understand that once we're committed
were fully committed and we
yeah and we stand for something yeah so
what's the benefit of getting out like
the people that think we should get out
like wouldn't when Trump said he wanted
to pull out like what's his thinking I
don't think it runs particularly deep I
think it's just I think it's you know
during the campaign he talked about you
know stopping the endless wars well
that's a very popular concept right no
again nobody what the hell I mean and so
it will be interesting to see you know
what today's sad you know event does up
on Capitol Hill you know do they they
rethink their the the withdrawal order
they accelerated like when they had the
buildup in Iraq and it was highly
criticized but then it was very
effective like it did do what they
intended it to do right and did knock
back the enemy if they decided to ramp
it up
worldwide would that be a solution to
any of this or is the opposite is it
better to actually ramp up our defenses
domestically and just stay the fuck away
from all these people
yeah well eventually he can only I mean
you can only do so much I think on the
domestic front and then you know if if
they gain sufficient ability and
strength and we've seen that from past
attacks I think then then they'll come
after you they'll come after us and
that's just the way I suppose that's
going to work but I don't disagree with
the notion because it is hard pressed I
look I wouldn't have stayed in
Afghanistan frankly I don't care whether
they've increased their literacy rate by
2% or built another road or whatever
doesn't matter they don't they don't
know what the hell we're trying to sell
them right so I don't I'm not against
the notion of getting out but this one's
a tough one I guess that's what I'm
saying is is that the Syria issue is I'm
real conflicted on because of the Kurds
and and what they've done on our behalf
in the past and how they've suffered and
knowing going years and years back you
know having dealt with that issue two
and a half decades ago a long time ago
with the Turks and the Kurds knowing how
vicious that could be and I don't trust
her to want as far as I could throw them
out a window so you know I think there's
a problem there that we need to we need
to make sure we've talked through
thoroughly
before we just say sure let's get him
out of there you know what the hell you
know we shouldn't have him there we
shouldn't be there but like everything
else so it gets kids it's complicated
you would like to think that what
they're having conversations like this
up on Capitol Hill right you know
between the the parties Republicans and
the demonsaw my especially a guy like
Trump if Trump is the guy who's decided
we're gonna pull out us area like how
does he have enough time to carefully
consider that as well as all the other
things that are on his plate yeah and
when someone runs for president save
someone's campaigning and they say you
know where I support a non
interventionist foreign policy I'm gonna
get us out of these these wars I'm gonna
get they're doing this based on a
limited amount of information like it's
not like the CIA or the FBI or anybody
briefs them as they're running for
president they don't have clearance
right right right until you become the
Party nominee right so when you're the
party nominee then do you get a
discussion you get you get some access
right it's not you're still not the
president right but you are given some
ability to get more intensive briefings
yeah yeah but it's not it's not to the
degree that the president so someone
like Hillary she was already Secretary
of State she already knew pretty much
most things yeah yeah she had she was
you know very switched on very informed
you know she was just an awful candidate
yeah sorry
I you know so I I think that look I
there's certain things that this
administration is doing foreign
policy-wise
that I think of good it makes sense
there are other things that I think you
know you just leave you scratching your
head but that's like every
administration I guess my point is we've
gotten away from that ability right I
have conversations I go out to dinner
with folks that you know on the on the
on the hard left and when you talk to
them they fully believe fully believe
that President Trump is a Russian puppet
a witting asset of Putin who is just
doing Putin
spitting and they honestly honestly
believe that and nothing is going to
shift them off that position when you
have a you know that sort of frame of
reference you don't have the ability to
look at anything rationally and say yeah
okay I like this policy related to China
it's about time we call them out and say
that you obviously have not been a fair
trading partner right that's something
that every administration has agreed to
but has never done anything about so you
would think that everybody would be able
to say hmm makes sense yeah I like it
everybody should be able to say the
immigration you know system here in the
in the States is somewhat dysfunctional
it needs fixing everybody's talked about
that and yet they can't do it because
they've got this this mindset that that
prevents them from having any sort of
conversation any sort of rational
discussion that could lead to some
compromise that could then advance the
ball and make this government more
functional so so where we're at right
now is today is day water the shutdown
26th I thinks that would just be so
eight hundred thousand American workers
that work for the government are not
getting paid so there are a month out
many of these people paycheck to
paycheck they'd only have medical
necessities they don't have food people
who are having to ration off their their
their insulin if they're diabetic
I mean I'm hearing these horror stories
the lines at the airport or around the
fuckin block it's it's chaos and it
seems like there's no end in sight and
it seems like Trump is just content to
just hold this position I think both
sides are content to hold their position
that seems fucking crazy to me it is
crazy
it's it's absolutely crazy to think
about and it's not just 800,000 I don't
know the exact numbers but think about
all the the contractors they met all the
government contractors right and so this
has and and you know the administration
has admitted that look we initially
underestimated the impact of a long-term
shutdown and so they understand that and
the Democrats you know talk about it
every minute about how this is a
terrible crisis and so you would think
that if both sides feel that way then
get something done looked at the
Democrats did
they've approved in the past recent past
many these Democrats voted for fencing
barriers whatever you want to call it
yeah but we're lost in semantics and
because the president's so hated by this
you know this is this group that you
know they've seized on this term wall if
he had started his campaign by saying we
need to improve our border security and
find fixes to an immigration system that
is both fair and secure and efficient if
he had gone with that it's a wordy
bumper sticker but if he had gone with
that we'd have a different conversation
right now we would but maybe would have
a different president as well yeah
that's okay that's a good point
you know I something about that build
that wall that's like the dopes are like
yeah whoa I get it yeah it's a wall
still simple build a wall oh yeah like a
castle yeah build a wall yeah and it
seems so it's it's such a visual no
you're right that's and that's you know
that's where I miss out I yeah I'm Way
off on and when terms of being clever
about politics but I think that well had
a rope in rubes yeah yeah I should I
should get better at this yeah seems
like but he's got that down yeah boy I I
didn't even know the people that voted
for him the people that are like real
Magus supporters I didn't even know they
existed in the numbers they exist it's
like he uncovered a rock like he flipped
a rock over and there was an ant colony
of rubes in there and just sheer numbers
it's like whoa it's right it's mixed bag
you've got a lot of people very you know
because it's I don't buy the idea that
it's all just a bunch of you know
crackers or idiots no it's a it's a it's
a real range of people there's there's
that group of people that were just
tired of being told they're idiots Yeah
right and they came out in force right
you can't tell you can't talk down to
people this is for the Democrats you
can't keep talking down to people and
expect at some point then I got to punch
you in the nose right well they're still
doing that now and they're still there
was some congressman recently that was
talking about all the people that
supported Trump and he was talking about
them all being losers and alcoholics
yeah yeah illiterate and like man
you're talking about half the country
right and no lesson learned right no
absolutely no self-awareness and and
that's you know that's the story of you
know every election I think going
forward is you know you've got the urban
centers and you've got everybody else
and everybody else feels as if they're
getting kicked in the ass and so I but
but yeah at the same time you think what
we should be able to do better right we
should i I again certain policies that
they've got great but every day another
you know tweet that seems a little
dysfunctional everyday you know some
misstep every day some self-inflicted
wound shouldn't happen not in the
country this size not not where we've
got this much talent and skill and
capability so I don't know what 2020 is
gonna bring but it's it we gotta we're
in for a hell of a ride between I'm you
know look at all the shit that's
happening yeah this seems like it might
be one of the bigger moves on the
chessboard though this government
shutdown like how this gets resolved one
way or another and who comes out at
least the the visual is the optics are
that they're the winner yeah it's it
seems very critical because if the
Democrats win and somehow or another he
abandons his idea for a wall abandons
the billions of dollars that he's been
asking for for this wall that gives them
momentum we kicked his ass with that
wall and we're gonna kick his ass and
2020 that's exactly what they think that
is that is exactly what they're
discussing in the war room with Nancy
Pelosi keeps them all in lockstep and
she's done a good job so far of keeping
the Dems in line and that's why they
wanted her back in at least the old
guard wanted them back in because that's
what she does well aside from
fundraising so I you know I have a
feeling that look he's asking for
whatever 5.7 billion dollars in the
scheme of things that's a drop in the
bucket Schumer and Pelosi and a wide
variety of other people including the
previous president have all voted in the
past for additional funding for border
security including fencing in barriers
but they are they're not gonna budge off
of this so what the hell does that mean
does that mean he's he's being pushed
into a corner where he has no option but
to declare a national emergency use
funds elsewhere so that he can say I
finally got it
and look the dams didn't do anything who
knows but you're I think you're
absolutely right whoever's perceived as
the winner out of this you know
ridiculous situation yeah they're gonna
beat that drum all the way to 2020 one
of the things they've been saying to
about the wall is that they want to keep
drugs from coming in illegal drugs but
from this El Chapo trial we're learning
how the biggest drug dealer in Mexico
got his drugs in they didn't use they
didn't get it through the wall they
brought it in through mostly boats yeah
it's usually not just mules you know
individuals carting it across some you
know broken part of the of the border
they brought it on through cars and
hidden compartments they brought it in
through boats I mean they're there you
know they basically have some people
spilling the beans as to how the exact
operation was was functional yeah that
didn't seem to involve people carrying
it over the border on backpacks and now
now one of Guzman
El Chapo's lieutenants is as cooperating
witness yeah and he's now he's now
claiming that the former president in
Mexico Pina Neto was given a hundred
million dollars at the outset of his
term I think was 2012 when he started as
president so when he was president-elect
he'd already won but he was waiting to
take the seat according to this this
Colombian trafficker who was working
with Guzman with Chapel pinion til
reached out to him possibly there was
campaign manager who however the story
goes my friend yeah and he asked for 250
million hmm and Chapel you know came
back with a negotiated position and says
100 million which was then according to
this again the guys at Colombian
trafficker you know how legitimate is he
you know then you know the money was
transferred to pinion net dough and you
know opinion Eddowes people are saying
that's ridiculous look we were the ones
who tracked him down you know even
though he escaped you know 48 times or
whatever he escaped and then but there's
always been this this talk about how
Chapo's arrests were orchestrated right
but and that so that they the military
the police were involved somehow that
there was a coordinated effort and
there's always been that
The Lying rumor you know is it possible
anything's possible but if he did get a
hundred million dollars you would think
El Chapo would be free Jesus Christ 100
million dollars get you free right right
yeah I know and you would yeah you would
assume that you know what's the upside
for Chapel to not talk about it now
right you know but you know who knows
it's it's a president to me
where is he it doesn't have tax returns
they could look at they've moved it just
moved it offshore immediately apparently
was according to this witness or to this
cooperating a witness he the money was
delivered this may be the the the part
of the story that doesn't hold up it was
delivered to his campaign plane or
something and this campaign manager you
know took control of it and then they
whisked it away and whether you know a
hole in the ground somewhere yeah takes
out a little at a time yeah no I was
looking at that what's that crazy lady's
name Laura Loomer lady Nancy Pelosi's
fence oh yeah she camped out on her yard
you know what made me think how Fox
Nancy Pelosi owned that house where's
she getting all that cash yeah what's
her net worth now a couple hundred
million really I forget for me to do
what is she in business she came from a
hardcore political family in Baltimore I
think and there's so much dirty money
yeah she's been doing she's what 100
million I was way less she's worth a
hundred million estimated but that's
like I don't know if it's one of those
online that would get their money from
you maybe she you know what maybe she's
good at just crunching keeping her per
diem yeah well I mean what is a wizard
national salary well she just started
getting it for this job wouldn't it be
450 grand Wow
no no that's that's the net worth of
fire rich net worth or a median net
worth now ever since okay Congress
person so it can't be anything higher
than an sis something so it's probably
not more than 180 it's all her good work
she did with the Clinton Foundation Oh
Speaker of the House gets two hundred
twenty three thousand two hundred grand
she's worth a hundred million dollars
what in the hole
fuck is that how's that and she does
have a big wall around it place yeah not
enough to keep Laurel or Loomis not an
athlete
right over that son of this knowledge
he's a parkour athlete she show up with
some illegals immigrants or whatever
undocumented workers whatever she use
she chained herself to Twitter I know
she did that to that broad that's right
she's going hard for attention it's it's
very interesting when these these people
just try so hard to make it into the
news yeah well they're looking for a
contributor slot they're looking for an
on one network or another I think that's
what they're doing they do you have to
nowadays I think that that I think at
least my theory is anyway if you want to
be a paid contributor for a network
nodes own about which network you got a
stake out of position that involves some
crazy right you've got to be like you
either get be all in for President Trump
or you've got to be all out yeah you if
you live in the center that ain't
happening
nobody wants to hear from anybody in the
middle because that shit's not picking
up the ratings at all no no one wants
reasonable middle right now no no the
only time that I think reasonable middle
would ever work out is if the two ends
are so fucked up and they're fighting so
hard on the opposite ends like someone's
like God surely it's got to be a
reasonable middle and then someone comes
along it's almost like the people you've
got to be screaming for it right now it
doesn't seem like people are coming for
a centrist position it's like World War
one trench warfare that's the way this
with the government shutdown right now
yeah no Pelosi sitting over here in the
mud the president Trump sitting over
here in the mud and nobody's given any
ground and they're just they're just
occasionally taking a shot at each other
throwing a hand grenade and nobody is
making any any movement so I you know
again how do they shut the air how do
they stop this shutdown you can't if
you're not talking if you're not if
there's if there's no effort you it's
not gonna happen so everybody's looking
at this right now I'm thinking you know
where is it go it's affecting the
markets it makes us look like morons I
mean not that others aren't I mean look
at look at Britain alright with the
types of thing look at France with the
the yellow vests look at you know
Germany's having its issues
you know everybody's having some some
problems but you know we didn't need to
add to the noise john stossel had an
interesting video that he put out where
he's saying what this does actually
highlight is that there's a lot of
things that the government does it
really should probably be privatized and
we wouldn't have these issues yeah I
mean you gotta made sense to me but I
don't know a lot ya know I'm a small
government person at the end of the day
I think you know there's certain things
that we need to rely on the government
for and one of them would be of course
national security terrific you know
collection of federal taxes okay fine
that they're gonna do that regardless
but otherwise just stay out of my
kitchen
I don't don't you know and so and that's
why I've always been surprised me the
Republicans problem I got with them is
you know you can't sit around and argue
for small government and then try to
tell people what to do with their bodies
or who can get married and who can't get
married who the fuck cares
I just don't hurt people be a good
person get on with it
I don't need to celebrate your lifestyle
but just do it I really don't care I
don't expect you to care about my
lifestyle I don't care about yours
but the Republicans have always stuck
their nose in this and you can't make
that argument for for wanting small
government and you know if you just want
to step into people's bedrooms all the
time yeah it doesn't make any sense and
I think the only reason why they do it
is because it gets people excited that
they get to run to vote for them I think
when they take these positions it's not
like these are really having an effect
on their lives or it's some moral stand
that they must take because God wants
him to do it I think they do it because
they think that it's gonna get and it's
going to shift the pole one way or
another yeah and it's gonna get people
excited about them possibly making some
sort of a difference that they feel is
going to significantly affect their
position but do you ever get to the
point I mean I don't know what whether
that's gonna happen but you would think
that you you've got the people on the
hard right and the hard left
they're not gonna shift right that's not
gonna happen you're not gonna move those
people so like everybody always talks
about decisions are made by that small
group in the center mm-hmm so a what
point to the group in the center finally
put their hands up and go you guys are
all fucked up right how about a third
party that's legitimate not a
libertarian party because it hasn't been
working out but something that creates a
little bit of a different dynamic and
when
ever gonna get term limits so that's you
know tilting at windmills but maybe you
know maybe we get that multiparty thing
going that again okay it's
pie-in-the-sky
will trap closes whoever got sit was
Ross Perot right yeah pretty much yeah
yeah he was but I don't know he took out
a whole
he took a block of time I believe was a
half an hour on national television he
bought the time yeah to explain how
you're getting fucked yeah explain taxes
and explain all these different things
and and people like wait what
that's how it works it's good TV if you
can go back and find that it's gets Ross
Perot was good TV I'll show you what I'm
doing here see that's all that's all
fucked up
and here's really fun yeah shit hey we
talked about remember less than we
talked about hallway yes
it hasn't gone away no it hasn't gotten
away sees someone just got arrested
yesterday two people yeah two people so
so backstory fascinating this is a
fascinating is an area I could
definitely disappear down to Chinese SP
to us right yeah they going on forever
one again I I say you know I talk about
our there's certain things that the
current administration's doing that I
like one of them is the way that they're
dealing with China right now and yes the
trade issue is buffeting the markets
somewhat and causing some instability
but again the previous administration
the Bush administration clinton
istration lots of lots of former
presidents but they all acknowledged
that china you know privately was not a
fair trading partner this
administration's at least trying to call
them out and calling them out on that
only in the cyber issue too
on their on their theft of intellectual
property so anyway Huawei supposedly
owned by the founder and however many
employees you know I think hawai way is
by the way the number one
telecommunications equipment
manufacturer in the world and they're
the number two seller of smartphones
right they there are bigger seller of
smartphones and Apple so it's samsung
qua way Apple for this and so supposedly
the company's owned by the founder and
his daughter is the chief operating
officer
chief financial officer she was arrested
up in Canada and she was arrested at the
request of the US she's up there on bail
right now waiting extradition hearing
and the reason was because supposedly
she lied about Huawei's dealings with
Iran and they were busting sanctions by
dealing and providing certain types of
equipment to Iran now this this past
week we've had a hallway employee who's
now been fired by a hallway in Poland
arrested for espionage and along with
him is a member of the Polish
Intelligence Service right who retired
and was now working for French
telecommunications company but was
arrested also for espionage related to
kwame and related to this individual who
up until just recently was working for
wallet Huawei claims innocence and says
well we have no idea and the founder
just came out and gave this big speech
and said I would never let the Chinese
authorities tell me what to do and I
would certainly never spy on anybody
using hallways capabilities and
technology and people are probably
thinking what the fuck are you talking
about this for Huawei embeds their
telecommunications equipment throughout
the world right so it's in our allies
military operations which then are
connected to ours right in terms of
communications and transfer of
intelligence and information they're
everywhere
and they chose Poland they've been in
Poland for about 10 years Poland is a
very important NATO ally so I'm taking a
long time I realize to explain this but
what I'm trying to say is nothing
happens by happenstance the Chinese
don't operate that way so the Chinese
authorities some time ago years ago
looked at it invent yeah this makes
sense right we've got Huawei which by
the way the founder is a former military
People's Liberation Army engineer he
they they looked at this and they
thought Poland that would be a good
beachhead for us right because they're a
key element of NATO so let's go to
Poland so they started burrowing into
Poland striking deals and you know
they're basically the most important for
in relationship now corporation inside a
Poland and they're fully embedded and
they've had access to at this point to
NATO communications and now the arrests
of these two individuals and people will
still despite this and despite their
past despite their their their theft of
information from everybody from US Steel
to to Alcoa to Lockheed Martin to DuPont
all the times they've been stealing
information people will still go why I
don't you know I don't I don't believe
it I don't that doesn't make any sense I
don't see why the Chinese would act that
way and I don't see why we're being so
harsh on them you know this tariff thing
is a bad idea
my point being you got to call them out
they're not going to necessarily change
their behavior but you gotta raise
public awareness make our allies
understand and well that's what we're
doing right now we're saying you've got
it you got to put the brakes on this
build a firewall use the other companies
telecommunications equipment because you
know the fact that we're tied in with
our allies with Poland and with Canada
and was you know that gives them access
to us so for someone on the outside like
myself who's trying to look at this and
you say that Huawei is stealing stuff
like stealing stuff from us deal how are
they doing that
well they I mean the US Steel admittedly
that was a that was a PLA that was a
People's Liberation Army third
Department operation against DuPont and
and also against US Steel and others so
that was a little bit different i
conflated that - but Huawei one of the
things that they do is by having access
and and embedding their equipment in
your communications infrastructure that
gives them the ability then to in a
simple way to tap in right in a packet
intercept information right basically so
you have communications imagine we're
trading information through NATO
channels all right all they need is that
one in right that's it's like everything
else it's like fishing right it's just
like you know when when hackers just an
individual hacker sitting in somebody's
basement you know he just needs that one
Avenue he needs to get one just just
click on that email that gives me the
pathway in so when when Huawei is able
to embed their technology into you know
polish communications and we're now
connected because of our NATO alliance
that gives him access to us to France to
whomever and you know it's not as if it
just happened it's not as if Huawei from
a business perspective said you know I
bet we could sell some of our equipment
in Poland wouldn't that be good the guy
who was arrested the Huawei person who
was arrested was responsible for the
provision of telecommunications
equipment to government facilities that
was his job hmm and the guy the Polish
guy one of his last jobs with the Intel
service was communications and I mean so
I guess what I'm saying is none of this
shit happens in a bubble and it's all
it's all very well mapped out the
Chinese have a very long view on things
and they are very good at developing
operations like this and so they've been
very successful so we'll see but it's
it's I'm glad that the current
administration at least is calling them
out I don't believe it's necessarily
gonna change their behavior you know and
we'll probably get some sort of deal
where they'll claimed look just a couple
years ago they agree with President
Obama to stop their cyber shenanigans
and they didn't so they just changed the
way that they did it you know that's
that's the world we live in but I think
it is important to make a stand right
yeah there's some of the tech people are
saying that they think it's preposterous
when they were talking about the ban on
Android phones some of the tech people
say that doesn't make any sense but what
you're saying is it goes far beyond the
actual phones itself and it's really the
the mission of the actual company itself
yeah I'm saying that that there is no
way that Huawei and other important
Chinese companies are solely privately
owned and or have the ability to tell
the Chinese authorities that they will
not spy on their behalf it's just not
happening
it's just not happening you have to you
have to go a long ways to come up with
that sort of naive viewpoint that says
that a Chinese company is going to put
its foot down and tell President Xi
absolutely not we will not do anything
to harm another nations country our
company force yet they've spent they've
spent generations now decade
jump-starting their industry and moving
up the food chain on the global economy
by hoovering up everything possible out
there so if someone like a tech wizard
got ahold of one of their routers can
have they'd been able to detect
something in there that doesn't belong
or some sort of a backdoor or some sort
of a way that they could tap in it's
like if you were you know you were Apple
and you were sending you know data to
Raytheon or whatever and you're going
back and forth they could tap in through
that has it been proven that there's a
device like that yeah a former NSA
director McConnell back in 2015 I think
early 2015 came out and NSA came out
with an official statement it said every
major u.s. corporation of any
consequence has been attacked and
exploited by Chinese and we have never
ever not found Chinese malware within
their systems Wow that was ever four
years ago now we're being software
right right right is there anything in
the hardware itself yes in in a sense
that yes in in the sense of like trying
to remember that the name of it but not
doing a very good job if you have access
to or understanding of physical Hardware
then you can affect easier you can
affect physical control of systems right
so Stuxnet remember I know if you
remember Stuxnet was exact it was an
attack on Iran to shut down their
nuclear program right exactly -
essentially what it did was it took over
control of some centrifuges over spun
them the heat broke and it was known
virus and it was it was an energy
software that was able to impact the the
you know physical equipment it took
control of those systems because in part
whoever perpetrated it had much better
understanding of that gear
right or had access to that gear and
that's a that's an important part of
this and it's happened several times
since then and you know I'm not
disclosing anything because it's all
it's been written about I'm sure it'll
be a movie at some point but that is
that's a concern I'm far more worried
about a company like Huawei with its
integration into Allied our allies
telecommunications systems then I am
about sort of the individual sale of
phones and you know what that means said
look you know Amazon and all the others
are gathering more data on the average
American then you know the US government
or anybody else's government is doing at
this point let me ask you this because
this is something that just came up and
we were trying to figure out it's
nonsense or not my friend Adam was here
the other day and we're talking about
Toyota trucks and he didn't Google
Toyota trucks just discussing it and he
said since then his mentions have been
filled with these little advertisements
for Toyota trucks how does that work
well you know how you talk to Siri yes
yeah it's it's simple voice recognition
it's it's a carryover from the old days
of you know optical readers and how you
know we all thought it was incredible
that you could take a piece of paper put
it into a system and it would like take
that information that was on that piece
of paper and now it was on a database
that you could access and manipulate
right and so you know voice recognition
is no different and sense that so if if
if for example if I had this switched on
and it happens to people I'm sure all
the time walking around their house
they'll say something and all of a
sudden Alexa will come on and go oh I
couldn't find a result for that but do
you want to listen to Ella Fitzgerald or
whatever
it's it's always on it's always
listening right and you can do that with
anything like this TV right here if you
wanted to if you if I knew that TV was
gonna go into the office of the deputy
foreign minister of a country hostile to
our interests I could turn that thing
into a receiver obviously right right
and if I could get my hands on that
before delivery that's a wonderful thing
now I've got this in there and it's like
the old days when you would have to you
know go in on an entry operation and you
know you silent drills and put a
you know device in the wall now you know
we've delivered a TV now I get I get no
video - hey good for me so that shit's
always on you know in a sense and so a
regular phone that you get if you just
buy an iPhone and you have Siri turned
on so you could say hey Siri and it
turns on that phone is always listening
to you well then now we're getting in
over my head but it could be I mean it
is is it possible is it capable of doing
that yes could you do that as an
intentional operation sure is it
happening because Apple wants to do it
and they want to get better
understanding of consumer preferences
and things I have no idea that's that's
above my pay grade but I die will say
from an operational perspective sure
yeah you from an operational perspective
right but like it would kind of be
scandalous if we found out that apples
listen to everything that you say and
then they're sending them information to
these companies and then they're trying
to sell you whatever you were bringing
out yeah but it's one it's really if you
think about it's only one step above
what they do anyway we're just I mean if
I go in here and I search Toyota right
yeah I mean I'm in the same situation
I'm fucking inundated with Toyota
mentions right afterwards so you know
it's it's like the next iteration of
that and I suspect that people would you
know some folks would be outraged but
I'll bet people would just live with it
yeah right we seem to be willing to give
up a lot of shit you know as long as we
don't think that government's doing it
right right if it's if it's Google if
it's Google and somebody we seem to be
fine with it
but if it's a fucking if it's that NSA
then our best but that's not who's
fucking making jack off of these things
right right so it's Amazon and angle and
all these companies that are using it to
sell your data to make a lot of money
anyway what do you got Jamie senators
call for investigation of t-mobile
Sprint Verizon AT&T for selling location
data hmm phone companies know where you
are lawmakers want them to stop selling
that information so they could figure
out how to tax it yeah that seems but
what do they sell on that location data
for they want to know how many people in
certain area
telling you where anyone could you can
buy that information and find anybody's
location
right but look they do these things now
where there's their you know a
billboards they'll put a billboard up in
a square right and you'll walk by and
the Billboard has the ability to see
where the eyeballs are right one so
you'll look and they'll say oh yeah it's
looking at me
that billboards looking at me so that's
a success right I've scored a hit view
you know and that was the old days it
was like you know how you know how many
clicks or how many got a camera there's
a there's a ability for that billboard
to sense and again this I go overboard
if I start talking technical and someone
will call me out and say well it's not
exactly how it works but in simplistic
terms yeah it's it's an ability to
monitor pedestrian traffic to understand
you know people's interests and to
further refine so that they can sell a
shit better Mike your outdoor
advertising interactive this is putting
your phone directly up to it this is
like you committing that there but there
is also what he's talking about to this
huh this guy's talking about what's his
name again okay so this you walk up to a
phone that's in the photo you hold your
phone up to it it sends a signal to your
phone it seems like it's always Samsung
knows it only Samsung phones maybe
there's a galaxy add this app yeah I
have a song for you these are galaxy ads
huh but if you can do a one-way
transaction that transaction can be two
away instantly obviously right it has to
be to some degree because there has to
be an exchange of of you know sort of a
handshake so I didn't know that
billboards are staring at you though ya
know it's it's a new pretty crazy shit
look I mean this you can tracking now
understanding where people are right as
an example you know you used to be
putting a beacon right investigations
you know you put a beacon on a car right
and you and it was a little clumsy but
it got better and better as you go along
you know now it's now it's it's it's
it's pretty remarkable but you can also
think about the electronics that exist
in a current vehicle in a new vehicle
you can every one of those has a unique
signature so whether it's the tire
pressure indicators you know how you get
in your car and it says your left front
tire is low
well that's a particular signal if I
know that signal for that car I'll bet I
can find that car right and it's like
it's the same with all the other
electronics that exist within a vehicle
at war just in the shit that we carry
around
they've all got some kind of signature
so I but again I think you know most
people are willing to give up a
surprising amount of privacy for
whatever reason maybe because they're
getting accustomed to it and they're not
shocked by shit anymore hey Jamie what
were you saying today that somebody made
a slip-up about phone calls that the
thing you were saying about the
different data that they've collected
you were just telling me before the show
about the with the some investigation
that what was it that the thing I was
just talking about we said find
anybody's phone no you were saying that
through the emails and phone phone calls
the guy had fucked up by saying phone
calls
I got a lot of shit on my mind to bring
now I'm still thinking about that
hallway thing ya know we were talking
about right before if you remember no
big deal I think it had something to do
with the mule investigation yeah yeah
what do you think when's that gonna end
fuck that guy is that me did he would
scare the shit out of me if he was
looking at my life cuz it seems like
that guy takes his time yeah about two
years at worth the time yeah the one
thing I've got remember it was the
national security advisory on CNN last
night he was talking about the bill Barr
is the access to information he would
already have and and also be gaining I
guess by becoming the Attorney General
they were discussing whether he will
share all the information coming out
they wanted him to commit to doing that
and he was sort of saying I can't commit
because I don't know what's in there yet
and they were just sort of like giving
their both their sides I'm like what he
could know what he would know what he
will know and that's all I was sort of
saying and he sort of cut himself off of
sharing about how much information this
guy might have access to it sort of it
seemed like it mm-hmm and he was the
former national security adviser I
believe yeah that was
so one of the things that everybody was
scared of was that the NSA was building
some gigantic place somewhere outside of
Salt Lake where they would store every
single phone call that you ever made in
every single email yeah that's that
there was that whole stink at one point
about what they were actually holding on
to the collection of information and
there was some misreporting about how
they've actually got your phone calls
what they've got is they've got number
and duration of call right I mean that's
that's the key pieces of information
that they've got good day at some point
you know suddenly decide you're a target
of interest and so we won't we will
start collecting on your calls yeah but
was the NSA gathering everybody's phone
conversations no it used to be a thing
that you would have to wiretap somebody
like if you're going after the mob they
had a data install a bug but they don't
have to do that anymore no oh no no no
no technology now is I mean I remember
the old days of operations right I mean
if we wanted to wear overseas its
compounded incredibly it's made really
difficult to do observation posts and
listening post and everything overseas
right because it's not your turf and so
you got to come up with a like an
airtight plan but it was the same way
you still had to get physical access
right to phone lines that yet to clip
off and you had to you know then you had
to figure out where am I putting the
gear where am I gonna put the batteries
how am I gonna store this shit and then
then you gotta listen to it right then
you got it and it is you start what
happens it starts collecting like this
you start getting mountains of tapes
right and yeah and you're not getting
the real time which is a problem but
nowadays now it's entirely different but
I think you know if if we if we look at
today's concerns right if we look at
what are people worried about what
should they be worried about I know that
privacy always comes up people always
talk about it and I guess I keep going
back to my same point which was I I
don't see people like with pitchforks
and and you know the torches going down
to you know complain to Jeff Bezos that
right you know Amazon's collecting
massive amounts of data or you know
t-mobile and Sprint and all these are
mapping our locations as we move around
I just don't see it I mean that probably
raised nobody's interest for the most
part you know
article that you just pulled up and I
you know I guess in part it's because
again we become kind of used to it
become he hasn't do it so so fine but
you know what should we be worried about
well I tell you what we should boy word
up mostly is state-sponsored activity by
countries whose interests almost never
align with ours
now what include China certainly
includes Russia whose Iran the shit that
they're doing
China has a policy information
domination right which means they've
determined that the next war the next
modern large-scale war is going to be
won by whoever has control over
information so where are they putting
all the resources China knows that
they're not gonna build a military
that's going to be able to reach around
the globe for the most part although
they're you know they're beefing up the
resources what are they doing it's cyber
and it's space right so I know a lot of
people we're kicking the president in
the ass and laughing about the space
force because it is funny right but the
uniforms would be amazing but they they
talk about this but China honestly
believes and it's putting their
resources into cyber into space and what
does that mean well if they're anti
satellite technology that they've been
developing and working on and continue
to work on the whole point of that is to
take control of communications and
surveillance abilities whether it's ours
or our allies in the event of something
major that happens so they would have
the ability to shut off our sound yes
now and if you do that then what does
that mean well it means you're blind
right and well suddenly walking around
with compasses and maps you know trying
to shoot an azimuth and figure out where
the hell you know the target is so China
is currently developing that or they
have developed something that doesn't
work now yeah they're working on it now
that they develop some of it they're
working to get the next generation it's
like every nation that has the resources
and ability understands that and is
doing the same it's not like we're not
right what what is their excuse as they
should be they don't have an excuse they
just they understand their they have the
right to do it I mean it's not like they
they you know right as long as they
don't use it right in an illegal way
they have the right to develop the
Technic there's no treaty that says you
can't develop anti satellite technology
right there's the start treaties there's
the nuclear you know conventions that we
have with Russia which isn't
another interesting topic because we're
right now arguing with the Russians over
over the the latest nuke agreement that
took place some time ago it's coming up
for renewal sometime soon a year or two
years from now and the Russians have
been cheating on a previous agreement
and so we're you know now they try to
say we're cheating on the new one and so
that's an interesting thing to be
watching but the point being is that you
know the there's conventions that try to
you know control the the numbers for
warheads or for delivery mechanisms
missiles or submarines or whatever
bombers but not for this new world cyber
space the Pentagon's still trying to
figure out what you know war means in
cyberspace
you know how do you respond what what
what's the threshold you know and then
what's an appropriate response and so
well maybe we'll get there maybe we'll
start having these discussions and
create treaties that will allow that but
right now from China's perspective again
not to beat on China but I'm much more
concerned about China for our national
security they're a much bigger concern
than Russia is Russia's punching above
its weight and Putin's you know Putin's
a dick no doubt about it
right and they've doing what they always
do which is metal and democracy that's
been their methodology for ever since
they've been around yeah but you know
that that's small potatoes they got the
GDP of a small European country you know
and when the oil prices you know are in
the toilet they really are sucking wind
so yeah we got to be concerned with
Russia and understand that their
interests are never aligned with ours
you know for the most part maybe we
tried to imagine they were with Syria
and Isis and everything but Russia's
only interested air was maintaining
their leverage and increasing it and not
not losing their military foothold there
that was their primary interest we
mirror our values and we mirror our
interests on other countries and so we
imagined it somehow we're all in this
fight against Isis together yeah
horseshit
you know so so China is a much bigger
issue and we and we should be focused on
that and to some degree this
administration is so that's where I say
look you can't just keep complaining and
bitching and moaning because you don't
like President Trump there's certain
things that are going on that you should
be
willing to say that okay that makes
sense maybe I don't like the messenger
but that part of it makes sense
is it his personal life I mean is it
because of his dealings with China from
the business world that he understands
it better that he's more concerned with
the imbalance of the the trade I think
what happened was what do I know and
this is speculation so hey but I suspect
that what happened was he came into it
focused on the trade imbalance right and
as he was sitting there and talking
about the trade imbalance more of the
conversation from the National Security
Council and from the agency and others
in terms of saying well yeah this is
part of the reason why and this is the
long-term effects of their theft of
intellectual property this is why in
part they've been successful in these
areas so I think there was probably more
and more discussion talking about their
economic espionage and theft of IP and
that became then an issue for him but I
think initially and still to this day I
think the big issue is just he wants to
try to create a win in terms of the
trade imbalance Russia seems to us here
domestically Lee speaking from for
myself when when I think about it and I
think about the the narrative that's
been sort of delivered to us that Russia
is this military danger we're worried
about Putin taking over other countries
were worried about Putin's power the way
he kills dissidents the way he kills
political opponents and journalists we
think about China and even with the
Huawei arrests we're like no one seems
to be concerned it doesn't seem to light
any bulbs over here yeah no you're right
I don't know why that is except you know
Putin's more like a thug you know he's a
visual right right and also I mean look
he's he's been very clear about you know
wanting to try to rebuild the Soviet
Union so whether it's Crimea and the
annexation of that or whether taking
over eastern Ukraine and you know or
maintaining a position in Georgia
whatever it is he you know certainly you
know his attacks or the FSB s attacks
overseas against you know dissidents and
others yeah he's just more in-your-face
he's like Tony Soprano right and so you
can look at that China has always been
you know sort of this thing right and
China's fantastic the history is amazing
you know the places are incredible
III think it's you know we should be
trading with China we should be doing a
huge amount of business with China we
should you know clear the text and try
to degree we can level the playing field
but we should also be pragmatic and
realize what they do you know in terms
of their their theft of IP and so you
know because that again I probably won't
change but yeah we absolutely should be
dealing with China all the time but I
think that they've always kind of been
viewed more and more of a sophisticated
fashion maybe because Putin is just sort
of in-your-face and he's you know he's
good at it he's very successful
he's a smart son of a bitch but he's I
think he's pretty easy to read right
he's thuggish and he you know he longs
for those days of the Soviet Union so we
should understand that everything he
does is because of that it's because
he's he he would love to rebuild the
Soviet Union and so we shouldn't be
surprised by any sort of you know
aggressive move that he makes against
his his neighbors and we should always
push back and to be fair this
administration not to beat their drum
but the actions they've taken against
Russia despite the fact that you've got
people calling him a puppet of Putin are
more significant than the previous
administration took look what has he
done the sanctions against you know key
individuals and companies within Russia
as an example those are the toughest
sanctions you know have been placed on
Russia ever the provision of weapons and
an assistance to the Ukrainians all
right that was some of the previous
administration said no not gonna do that
you know because we don't we don't want
any blowback that's that's a good thing
right that should be done pushing back
against them on the on the 2011 nuke
deal right and or sorry on the under the
previous on the start deal prior to the
2011 deal and calling them out and
saying look you're cheating on this and
you you know you got to be held
accountable I mean there's certain
things there that that may
sense then that don't add up if you talk
to somebody who says well he's an
absolute puppet you say well okay he's a
puppet so why or is he doing certain
things that seem counter to Russian
interests and they'll say well because
he's smart and he's like you just want
to get caught out I see its he's playing
he's playing a long game here and and
I'm thinking okay maybe maybe who knows
but I haven't I haven't strapped on my
tinfoil hat yet to get to that point so
I don't know yeah that seems they're
complicated one if they have some
compromising information about that was
always the fear right is that they knew
something or yeah maybe it was business
dealings maybe it was people peeing on
them or yeah okay if that if they had if
they did not and again anything in
today's world anything's possible
right right and I wish we had somebody
else in there who was more elegant and
eloquent and sophisticated there's
anybody not right now no I don't think
anybody's gonna challenge him from the
Republican side and on the Democratic
side I think they're gonna get eighteen
or twenty you know potential candidates
in there and end up beating their own
and so it could be it could be a real
you know slugfest and turn each other as
they're trying to establish someone
who's a viable candidate kind of like
what the Republicans did right he ended
up with you know we ended up with
President Trump and you know the
Democrats if they're not careful you can
end up with the same thing look they're
talking about Joe Biden I tobin's an
excellent cat rice 150 years old hundred
fifty years old and he lost twice before
yeah but everybody loves the person
that's on the bench right right until
they get in the game and so you know who
knows where they're gonna go with that
but you know could they had this idea
that they've got compromising
information on them here's here's what I
think is that if Muller has figured this
out right and it's been quiet about it
and they then the most remarkable thing
about this investigation will be that
nobody leaked because you can't keep a
secret in Washington and so the fact
that for two years now we don't have
like that that that bullet you know that
they think they're going to come up with
at some point
my inclination is to think that you know
mullahs gonna finish this investigation
issue some findings and nobody's going
to be happy because there won't be a
bullet and so the left won't be happy
the right won't be happy because he'll
still be pointing out the fact that
there was you know a lot of you know
stupid moves on the campaigns part and
that there was inappropriate activity by
you know people like manna fort and
others but do I think there's gonna be
some smoking gun I don't I don't think
so because and my reason for saying that
is because I've never known Washington
not be able to keep our - to be able to
keep a secret right this is one like new
or ever done one of these things before
though he seems uniquely calculated yeah
he's done this before
and and he has he said look he's a very
smart guy and a very seasoned operator
investigator and he's got good people
working for him and it's absolutely
correct to let him go with this and just
let him finish it up right but when is
that gonna be who knows right nobody we
have they've been talking about all he's
gonna wrap it up next week he's gonna
wrap it up this week he's gonna know
he's not you know he'll you know you
think he's gonna wrap it up who knows
hey this guy this literally could go on
to into it's gonna have to end before
probably end of this year I don't think
even he's gonna want to for political
calculations let it go into too close to
2020 in the election right so regardless
even though I don't think he's a big ly
political individual I think he's gonna
see that the wisdom of wrapping it up
before then and then letting the chips
fall wherever they do what's astonishing
to me is how anytime something does come
out on Trump it just seems to slide
right off yeah yeah well that is true
that is raising because I think what's
happening is they're just throwing
everything out there every day right
yeah and it much like you know our
willingness to give up privacy because
we keep hearing about another hack or
another leak or we know that Amazon is
doing this or that I think you know it's
that constant drumbeat and that
mudslinging and I think the Dems haven't
done themselves any favors or the
resistance movement or whatever we want
to call it because I think people are
just immune to it and it's hardened the
Trump's base to think you know he's
under attack
every minute well oh I gotta support him
harder yeah yeah but you know who do you
think's gonna end up in in the race I
mean who's got the best chance it's a
good question
I mean on the left-hand side my real
fear is that Hilary's gonna run again so
I I almost did what those TV spit takes
it's possible it lady is crazy you know
one of the things that she said in one
of the more recent interviews she said
I'd like to be President
I'd like to be president just what do
you want to put it on your resume yeah
what the fuck does that mean I think I
could do a great job in turning this
country around I have the leadership
ability to really affect a change no no
I'd like to be lousy president yeah I
got some time I could do that I'm scared
of them yeah well you know what and
you're right she may but III do think
there's gonna be so much pressure on her
from the party then just say no you
can't I think she's gonna look at that
and go there's no chance I can rally the
apparatus around me like I did the last
time and because of that because even
she can't run without the Machine right
I mean that's they've got to figure that
out so I just wonder if she has so many
people that owe her favors and she's so
deeply entrenched in the world that she
could somehow another muster up enough
support to give it one more shot yeah I
mean it's it's possible I mean yeah but
then what you're talking about hurried
all the way to - what - you to Kamala
Harris Cory Booker Tulsi Gabbard Tulsi
Gabbard Tony Castro the veteran young
makes a lot of sense very smart and
articulate I think she has a real
legitimate chance of getting people
excited about a real future yeah yeah I
would not you know I think it's it's
time we're certainly close we're getting
to that point where we'll you know we
end up with a female president and hey
good for us right I got no problems you
know there's there's I think it would
actually you know I think it would turn
the ship in a nice direction right as
long as the policies are good I don't
care who it is as long as we're not you
know veering off into you know sort of
socialist policy you know and and
thinking somehow we're gonna all going
to end up with universal basic income
you know I've got a guy coming on
talking about that Andrew yang wants a
described universal basic income and
what the benefits would be yeah the
reason being that they're worried
Automation is going to kill a gigantic
percentage of jobs in in manufacturing
fast food a medical field the trucks all
these different things that universal
basic income might actually be something
that we need at certain point in time
because so many jobs will go away and go
away so rapidly do you think that kills
motivation that's a good question
what I thought was maybe but maybe if
the motivation is not just to survive
but the motivation to succeed and do
well it would get people to do what they
actually want to do for a living or
chase down what they actually want to do
and get them motivated to have a better
life not just motivated to live follow
their passion yes it's it's hard because
when you give people things for nothing
right you generally do kill their
motivation I mean you look neat look no
further than trust fund kids right right
yeah I think that's a great example most
people will go towards you know welfare
but I think you're right on the other
end of the spectrum to me trust fund
kids I've seen this listless way they
approach life you know they just laze a
fair just I just think that it's really
hard for people to want something better
when they have enough they're good yeah
everything is good they don't have to do
anything and you don't have to motivate
yourself to do anything to get that
money yeah I don't understand the the
logistics behind it you know in terms of
how it gets paid the actual numbers like
that yeah but the part that worries me
is this issue of motivation yeah and
ensuring that then you know everybody's
willing to unasked the sofa and and do
something productive right and it's not
just we can't be like a nation of people
following their passion because their
passion is is completely on for not
obeying yeah Oh ever made um dream
catchers pottery love pottery love dream
catchers - I got one in my truck and no
what are you doing I got a hula girl on
the dashboard of my truck which is
getting a new engine by the way even as
we speak and the trucks can ya the wagon
here it's a Grand Wagoneer they wood
panel wagon yeah the last year they made
at 91 and it still drive those things
yeah absolutely it's a great car and and
but I have to rebuild even when I get
something that works good one this thing
is great look that the the kids can
climb all around it I Drive to the
drive-in theater and they can they put a
magnum back either yeah in a 50 watt
that the hatchback and they just sit
there and they it's blue with a sand
interior who decided to go with those
wood panels on the side it's fantastic
and then how did that how did everybody
wake up and decide that that sucks yeah
it's a while I tell you something it's a
great a great vehicle and it's also
nobody gets anywhere near me cuz that
fucker is made of all steel yeah yeah
they're heavy
and that son of a bitch will plow
through anything but it's it's just a
great car and the dog loves it and I can
fit all the fish and I got you put the
fishing poles in there it's all good
that doesn't mean you have anti-lock
brakes does it no no I'm lucky if I if I
have brakes but don't you want a car
with brakes when you work in security
for just long you're like there's no
security not the fuck out of here just
nice seatbelt doesn't work doesn't and
and but I've been meaning to fix it you
have a seatbelt
it had the receiver is broken and I'm
hardware clicks yeah exactly I've been
meaning to get that Phil's cars I don't
know I've been Bing when you don't have
your seat belt on or like no no it
doesn't talk to me at all which is
pretty you know what else nobody can
track me in that car that nobody's
dragging me in that son of a bitch so
you leave your phone
at home and your fucking ghost I'm good
man I'm all Fikret boner my boner in
there two burner phones come with boners
yeah yeah it's it's a great it's a great
vehicle like I said my kids love it
Muggsy and scooter and Sluggo that's
your thing that you got it because you
can't track you with it and also they
can't let me ask you this this is a
tough one I want to ask you to
conspiracy ones but this one's a tough
one michael hastings do you know his
case do you know a story yeah yeah what
do you think happened there well let's
let's explain what happened
what who he was he was a journalist he
was embedded in was it in Iraq during
the during the war he was writing a
story for the role for Rolling Stone and
he was writing about which general was
it it was done Christmas crystals day on
the crystal yeah so he wrote this story
and apparently while this happened the
Iceland volcano went off so they
suspended air travel so he was stuck
there far longer than he was supposed to
be and people got comfortable with this
guy being around right and so they
behaved the way they behaved they made
some jokes about things he apparently
made some jokes about Obama this guy put
this Michael Hastings put all this stuff
in Rolling Stone it wound up being a
huge scandal McChrystal had to step down
and there was a lot of people that hated
that guy and a lot of people loved
McChrystal and he was a highly respected
general yeah absolutely
he had a step down from his position and
next thing you know X amount of time
later this guy drives his car 150 miles
an hour into a tree it blows up engine
goes flying the whole deal the
conspiracy theory was that there was a
way cuz he had a brand-new Mercedes
there was a way that they could take
over the
controls of your vehicle the
acceleration the braking the steering
and they could do all this remotely if
they put something in your car like we
were talking about if you could get a
hold of this television you could turn
that television to a receiver right do
you think that it's possible that
someone could have gotten a hold of his
car and made him suicide himself two
parts to it one is is it possible that
you can take control of a vehicle a
modern vehicle yes not the woody not the
woody as we call it but so yes it's
absolutely possible you can take those
there's no two ways about celebration
steering everything yeah if you've got
and and and I mean think about people
should think about they think about the
the OnStar or think about the ability
for your car to send data to the to the
vehicle manufacturer right to tell them
you know what's going on with your
vehicle right that's a that's a
handshake operation right once you do
that that means there's an exchange of
information what does that mean well
that means you can access can you access
that information sure of course you can
does that mean you can then take
physical control short that's it's it's
an it's just another iteration of the
exchange of information right software
can take control of physical systems so
that yeah so the first part is yes is it
possible that that car could have been
taken over sure do I think that's what
happened I have no idea I really don't
of course yeah but it's it's it's
certainly a possibility I mean when I
hear people talk about you know certain
conspiracy theories I look at any go
there's just no fucking way that could
happen like what one what one do you say
no fucking way
ah no I have a hard time thinking of one
I like the theory that with every burner
phone you get a boner that's just I
can't imagine that could happen but but
it sounds good the burner phone because
you're trying to get rid of though I
didn't see the owner now I get yeah I
got the priorities okay so secretary to
get a burner phone - oh man just like
Jeff Bezos man he's that's seventy
billion dollars down there down the
toilet oh yeah that's how did they can
his text messages that's a good fuckin
cybersecurity
yeah they got his text messages to his
mistress yeah who knows how that happens
unless even maybe she may be meaning
missus Bezos maybe she hired a you know
some dodgy investigator to come only
that you know well I noticed it was an
iPhone no fizz's an iPhone and he had an
iPad and she had the password to the
iPad I could get all those messages now
yeah but it's that where they live they
live in Washington right state of
Washington yeah yeah okay all right so I
guess that's communal I think yeah well
they started the company together she
helped them yeah so that's a wrap hmm
but you know whatever 70 billion yeah
it's it's rough to give away seventy
billion but let's be completely honest
if yours if you have seventy billion
dollars and you notice whether you have
70 or 100 yes yeah all kind of you might
be an asshole yeah yeah that's how you
know the difference yeah how the fuck do
you even feel it if she takes 70 billion
is his lifestyle change yeah cuz you
have to get rid of one of those jets
like what happened he's got to give up
cable does he have a smaller ring for
his mistress
my mistress apparently they were
separated we're not gonna say he's his
girlfriend oh jeez really yeah okay so
they're saying he was cheating on his
wife but he wasn't really because they
were they were separated yeah you would
think that that's fair game but I'm sure
that it's anyway it's gonna be costly
she's so hot oh she's so hot who misses
Bezos or one the new one
oh I think they're friends I think she
and my friends and their friends yeah
it's all gonna be very messages they
fucking circle they know what they're
doing Wow with coyotes man no they just
take their time patient wolves yeah I
think it's interesting because I think
he he's changed if you look at Bezos
over the years right
yeah and you look at the way he is now
just his physical appearance no you can
you can just tell that money yeah money
probably hired a personal trainer
no but he's got the money but he buddy's
gonna probably have to let him go now 7
billion mark well the smart thing would
honestly be to for him to give away half
don't even Duke it out with lawyers I'll
take too long yeah
he has no prenup agreement there's no
prenuptial holla it's understood that
miss Sanchez is sent text message to a
friend showing off her new relationship
with the billionaire and the friend sent
them to the Enquirer water con you would
fucking dumbass
oh damn she's hot though she looks like
that actress I can't remember her name
yeah yeah I can see what she sees at him
he said yeah he's is it you know it's
the thin neck in Malaysia the large head
chicks love that Jeff yourself they love
that look
yes such a man did he send her like
naked selfies - oh no not him - what is
that you know why didn't dudes think
that women want to look at their junk
right I mean I know I just don't I don't
get that part I don't get what makes you
think unless you've really been drinking
that you're gonna go you know what I'll
bet she really wants to see my my balls
some girls do some girls are crazy I
guess damn she said Lauren Sanchez has
been romantic relationship with Jeff
Bezos she's hot since April 2018 or
Sunday long so it's a long-term thing
yeah June July that's enough he's
probably shot so many loads Wow
he's in love now yeah amazing do a
Donald Trump had something to say about
it
what do you say so sorry to hear the
news about Jeff bozo being taken down by
a competitor who's reporting I
understand
is far more accurate in the reporting in
his lobbyists newspaper the Amazon
Washington Post hopefully the paper will
soon be placed in a better and more
responsible hands yeah he wants he wants
he wants her to get it he wants basil's
to not have the Washington Post which is
highly critical of the president while
The Enquirer has been known
kill stories critical the president oh
so the Enquirer got to hold the story I
get it but you know it was I'll bet Jeff
Bezos in president's mind I'll bet his
his opinion went up when he saw that
picture of Sanchez probably yeah I was
like what then you probably read the
text message like uh amateur yeah come
on come on what were you gonna do jump
right out of the frying pan get right
back into the fire how about you go to
fucking Ibiza and those broads take a
little time off is what you said Jeff
needs a he needs a coach isn't that
interesting out dudes deuce and I think
but wealthy to it seemed that more than
others they seemed to go straight from
one relationship immediately into
another one yes
whereas I think that the average dude I
think is doing what you're thinking
which is like I'm gonna take some time
down well the average dude also isn't
running a gigantic multinational
corporation like Amazon that is the
amount of time that that guy has to
dedicate to his job this gotta be just
unfathomable I mean I can't imagine what
what is involved in that guy's
day-to-day activity and he seems
ruthless as fuck and very hands-on yeah
so he probably doesn't have time to go
to Ibiza if the average guy had anywhere
close to a hundred billion dollars
though oh they just appeal everyday beat
strip clubs oh yes cash out - no more
showing up at the office
cash out - me I wouldn't keep going to
me well no you just go
I do podcasts I keep shoulder I wouldn't
have any ads overheads expensive I need
ideas fucking building and airing it's
an amazing building by the way Internet
thank you have you ever shown I mean if
you like displayed it or at the gym
you've got is fantastic yeah I said put
some pictures of it up but yeah you know
what man for me it's important because
I'm not busy like Jeff Bezos but I'm
fucking busy
I need to get all my shit done in one
spot so on when I can I come here early
a bang out of work out in the morning I
get my fucking sauna in float a float
octa fold it you got a sauna here yeah I
know this I
well the tank yeah yeah I got a sauna
it's it's for me it's nice I can get
everything done in one spot it actually
saves me money just because the amount
of time that I have yeah but by the way
I did not say it at the outset but I
should say that show you didn't Boise
Boise is in Idaho
it's a beautiful place that was fucking
brilliant
thank you that show was fantastic fun
people were talking about that for a lot
of long time afterwards it was and it
was a great crowd done a giant-ass plays
yeah yeah yeah it was fun yeah it was a
really good time I miss it for people
listening it was a massive it's a Taco
Bell Arena which is yeah the best venue
in the city it's a big venue and there
was lines just blocks and blocks and
blocks before they opened the doors and
even after they open doors cuz there
were so many people Boise is a great
town man I was I had heard how good it
was that was my first time ever going
there and I was blown away the people
are super friendly it's gorgeous there
everything is clean I don't want to talk
about it I don't know anybody to move in
people are moving in I think how we
talked about that yeah before the show
started was a Wall Street Journal wrote
an article saying is it some time ago a
couple of months ago or whatever it's
saying it's a fastest growing city in
the in the country once you go there you
go okay like if you brought your wife
there and you said look this is we're
gonna move here she'll be like yeah we
got a lot of people from California
coming up there of course say that much
yeah and then some good friends of mine
who would living down on the beach right
now they seriously looking at it they've
been you know looking at property and
they give Seawolves up with coyotes yeah
no wolves
no well no we haven't seen him we got
him but we've got we had a coyote in our
neighborhood for quite a while he kind
of became famous and they're they're
good looking coyotes you know he's close
they're yeah they're they're like skinny
and frail they look like Wiley coyote
but out here or out west up there
they're well fed well you have so much
wildlife yeah yeah no Idaho has an
incredible mule deer population you have
amazing elk hunting fans yeah oh it's
beautiful yeah and so decided to go off
the grid that's one of my prime spots
where you go I'm telling nobody I'll
tell you let me know I'm gonna pave the
way man it's so it's yeah it's it's a
good spot and and I got to stop talking
about it too because I'd get a lot of
shit for
say nice things about it but I can't
help it it says there are some
unheralded spots in this country and I
think that's most certainly one of them
yeah there's a there's a gang of other
ones too though you know and it's it's
really the West in the West like these
areas that just don't have the gigantic
populations but have everything else
gorgeous scenery and the mountain air
and just god damn yeah the fishing is
that's the other thing oh my god the
shore fly-fishing and my oldest boy
scooters is really gotten into
fly-fishing and he's got a great mindset
for it right you know he just he's he's
one of those guys he could be out there
for a few hours not catch anything and
still have a great time and and really
uh you got other kids like my two
younger kids you know they just they
want to dynamite fish get the fucking
fish get on with it
move yeah and so they know they're not
gonna fly fish anytime soon but scooters
all about it and yeah not to uh not to
bang on about them you guys have
basically all the wildlife activities or
all the outdoor active yeah we got more
river frontage more river mileage than
any state except for Alaska really yeah
we got more and so the white waters
fantastic it's great rafting up there
the climbing's fantastic mountain biking
I mean we jump on our bikes we can be up
in the foothills in literally in about
seven minutes and then spend the
afternoon and not see anybody I mean
it's crazy and we live right in the
center of town basically and yeah and
it's you know so anyway yeah no yeah oh
I got a note from I go from Mugsy Mike
my youngest boys teacher he's like seven
years old and he's not like seven years
he has seven psyche he's approximately
somewhere in the range no one big yeah
yeah I try to hide his actual age for
security reasons and so anyway got a
note from his teacher saying hmm he's
having a little bit of trouble finishing
his assignments on time and he just kind
of wanted to check in with you to see
how to motivate him and this was just
yesterday and I got this message in as
did my absolutely fantastic wife and so
we had a funny conversation about you
know how do we respond to that I mean
like he's seven years old yeah right I
mean doing working for a living yeah
exactly how do you motivate him to cut
and paste faster or something but so I
you know all I could think I was food
right like my retriever he you know he's
food motivated my dog and and so I'm
figuring you know mugs he's the same way
you know he give him a cupcake and he'll
finish that assignment so I don't I had
no idea I was really stymied you know
because I think I know we all you know I
mean our kids are you know like
everybody else you always view kids
great kids are smart and everything but
you know and I so I give her I give the
teacher a lot of credit you know for
being focused like that but at the same
time I step back and I look and I go
yeah it's okay if he wants to slack off
a little bit he's 77 exactly how do we
have this obsession with getting kids to
Buster like I was I have a friend who's
gonna put their kid in Waldorf school
and we were talking about that and I
guess they don't even teach him to read
until the third grade and my wife was
like get the fuck out of here with that
because my daughter's in the third grade
she reads great I mean we read every
night she reads perfectly I'm like
imagine if she hadn't even started
learning how to read yet now that that
and that
that's what opens up everything else yes
you can't you can't delay that part of
it yeah and but yeah it's so yeah I know
we finish every evening with a with a
the kids have to read write get on you
don't finish in it and she likes reading
too that's the other thing like I don't
think it's a bad thing to have kids read
but what I do
what does elements reversal I'm taking a
country where I shall stand on I support
it right there but what does concern me
though is homework cuz you know my
ten-year-old sometimes she cries she's
got so much homework we're old school
enough to do two hours of them it's just
there's probably got activities to yes
sports activities that consumes to
gymnastics a bunch of other shit too
it's these kids they want these kids to
grow up to become hugely successful and
you know they push them so hard and
everybody in the community is this is
when you're in these wealthy communities
too that's the other things all these
other people they all everybody's
working so hard they want their kids to
work so hard you like Jesus I'm in this
weird spot where I'm gonna
I'm an an insider outsider it's cuz I'm
in there and I kind of work hard okay
got you work hard shit what do you think
kind of work hard it's not really work
none of its fucking scam this system
jobs I got three fake jobs you have seen
fake job stand-up comedy fake ass job
podcasting definitely a fake job I got
three fake jobs the toughest the
toughest is right now what's the
toughest I probably stand up stand up is
the hardest to pull off how long did
telling me ask you how long did it take
for like the set that you did up in
Boise which was fantastic how long did
that run I didn't I was laughing my ass
I'm sorry I don't I did an hour and went
like an hour and 15 minutes and that
took me that was what when I went up to
Boise was a couple months before I
filmed my special so that was the end of
my run so what I do is I develop an act
for like a year I tour with it for a
year and then at the end of that tour I
film a special okay so it takes me two
years to put it together where it's I
fucking hammer that samurai sword down
polish it and it's live performance you
know it's fucking weird sometimes
one night a bit kills the other bit
tonight it comes out a little clunky you
never sure how to do it it's it's a
constant thing of evolving it and moving
it and changing it do you ever just drop
something yeah I mean that's all it's
been working and then you go and you
think oh fuck it yeah you have to be
enthusiastic yeah yeah in the beginning
you stand up you treat your jokes like
they're tools like oh this is a
phillips-head I need two Phillips head
screwdriver I'll fit that in there and
then after a while you realize like okay
let me do what I like I'm gonna talk
about shit that I like and then you have
anything you realize well the art form
is trying to figure out how to make
ideas funny and then then it becomes if
these ideas are funny to me I got to
figure out a way to get them funny for
other people but if they're not funny to
me I'm not interested and then so what
do you do you put something together and
then you test it out on the kids or at
home or no I'm kidding
you take it to like a small place right
just take it to clubs yeah I go to the
Ice House in the Comedy Store and The
Improv and I go to these local places in
LA and I might do like last night I did
three shows and I'll do that all the
time
I'll do that I'll do four shows I'll do
one show at The Improv three at the
Comedy Store do that all how long are
the shows each I mean each hour okay
half-hour
you know sometimes less sometimes must
be exhausting I mean in a way so you
talked about how it's a fake job yeah I
mean get up in front of people you don't
know what the reactions gonna be
that's the best job that I do but also
the most work but it's the best out of
the fake jobs that I have that's the
best fake job because it's the most fun
like you know the Boise thing was like
eleven thousand people you know crushed
in front of 11,000 people that feeling
is just when you hear the roar like you
hit a punchline you hear the roar of the
crowd it's like there's nothing like
that yeah nothing like that in the world
that was it was it again anybody get a
chance to go see go see a show because
this would just go see a Netflix but
Netflix now yeah what is it like 10
bucks
yeah 17% more I think you're gonna check
it really yeah you have so much good
shit though like if you want to just
waste your life and sit in front of TV
it's crazy like when we were kids maybe
that's your passion so you get that
Universal basic income and my following
my passion means I got to sit and watch
every episode of a negress fart under
the sheets there's a lot of people doing
that right now I don't know if that's
bad I mean yes it is but then doesn't
that open the door for the the people
that aren't gonna be like that like look
less people out there really actually
trying to get ahead I think the people
that are gonna try to succeed are always
gonna try to succeed I think that's true
and I think so I think that's maybe
that's an argument against it also which
is that like I don't think it's gonna
unlock a whole treasure trove of
innovators right if suddenly you give
people money and say okay you don't have
to go pour coffee or flip burgers or you
know clean up that road or whatever
you're gonna do for a living you can
follow your passion I don't think we're
gonna find some exponential increase in
the number
inventing the wheel I just think that
it's gonna be a lot more people farting
under the blankets or something I don't
know they might be right but the only
good that I think could come out of it
is a less people are in abject poverty
and less people are desperate so it
might reduce crime you might have lazy
people but you might also have less
people that are inclined to steal things
or do something that's illegal because
their basic needs are taken care of yeah
I've read something that's it's stunned
me I was on the plane flying to to LA
and I read an article about this this
strike right the teachers trying to
sorry the tea here in Los Angeles big
strike Los Angeles Unified School
Authority or whatever it's called and it
was just before they they went on strike
but it talked about the problems that
the school district has and I don't know
whether this statistic is right I read
it numerous times because I was so
surprised by it
80% of the families that used the Los
Angeles public school system are at the
poverty level or below and that means of
course also that they rely on the free
meal assistance right that schools
provide which is kind of what the point
of the story was like the schools are
closed right now and so you know kids
aren't getting a chance to eat because
that's their only chance to get to eat
right but that number was stunning
that's crazy right so I don't
I meant to look into it and do more
research to see whether the article was
actually correct or not but hay was in
the newspaper so it must be true right
anyway yeah that's a disturbing number
it's a very disturbing number but it
also talked about how 12 percent I think
12 percent of all kids that go to high
school here in Los Angeles then go on to
college
twelve percent and it was a similar
number that never get out of high school
it's even worse in a place like New York
City public schools so I guess the point
being is a public school system is its
dog show yeah and in the larger urban
centers it's got some real problems and
I think a lot of those people that are
the really sad thing is a lot of those
people that are at the poverty line are
below work hard it's not a lack of
motivation it's they just don't have
opportunities you know
what to do that not doing it the right
way they don't have guidance they never
learned correctly when they were young
and he's a single parent they've what's
in two or three jobs and no but
California's got also it's interesting
issues I mean there's you know talking
to some folks and they said a quarter of
the nation's homeless people live here
in California 25% of the nation's
homeless people live in California in
the last few days yeah most of the time
it's beautiful weather hey you can't
complain about the weather it is crazy
and and it also talked about how a lot
of those people they work but they're
homeless right the cost of housing and
so you've got people that have a job but
they're living in their cars right
because they can't afford housing
whether it's in San Francisco or in
Santa that isn't that place is insanity
so your point about the basic universal
income I take that point I see what that
the you know if it was possible to pay
for it and and again kind of do this
thing where you you're monitoring this
issue of motivation so you're not
creating another follow-on generation
complete slack asses then I think that's
it that's a really valid point I my
concern would be people that didn't
appreciate it and people that felt
entitled like they felt like someone
owed them that money yeah you know and
you're gonna have that I mean this is
the this is the biggest problem that
people have with socialism and socialist
attitudes that some of these kids that
are coming up right now they look at
what they call income inequality what
they don't look at is effort inequality
like some people put in more fucking
work yeah it's not and are smarter
they've figured their way through the
game better than you have yeah I'm never
doing it for 50 years or whatever
they're right right it's not I couldn't
agree with you more in the sense that
I'd I never begrudge anybody I never got
pissed off with a rich person because
they were rich right I think it hey
that's good I'd like to be rich right so
I might want to talk and find out how
did you do it how'd you do it and yeah
it's the system sometimes you know set
up so that once you have some money you
can get more money well of course the
fuck it is yeah I mean if I have some
money I can invest that money and make
more money
you know if I'm smart about it if I do
it right yeah if you do it right but I
absolutely I don't you know I don't
begrudge the idea that's it so that's
part of it is also I'm fairly steeped in
the idea that you know we're living in a
very unique country right and and I do
worry sometimes it that people don't you
know you know even family and I've got
some friends in others who we just
constantly pissin and moanin about this
place and I'm thinking I spent almost
all my life over in shit holes around
the world and I there is no other place
I would rather be as a country and I
know that's you know it's jingoistic or
whatever but honest to god I still
believe and if you go someplace and you
talk to somebody in some fifth world
they will also my experience has been
anyway
maybe your listening and your experience
is different but that's the way it works
is that they'll think if I go to America
if I can get to America and I work hard
I can I can be successful and that I
think is still true and that's what I
worry about with entitlements and things
that that may kill that belief and
you're right income inequality yeah
that's but it's you're right you work
harder now it doesn't always happen but
life's not supposed to be fair it was
maybe it's supposed to be fair but it's
not fair so sorry if it's just supposed
to be life lights definitely not fair
yeah yeah it's I I completely see your
point and and I agree with it i I think
that the real concern is that people
don't appreciate already how great they
have and what incredible opportunity
they have and if we increase the more
benefits with less effort then you're
going to develop more of this attitude
that we find disturbing which is people
that don't have an appreciation for
literally the greatest experiment in
self-government the world has ever known
yeah yeah no I but I think also that
there's parts of it that need to be
looked at like there's that there's an
interesting study about about college
and graduation rates from college for
for disadvantaged folks you know and
that was again why they made it easier
for you know tuition assistance right so
the idea was we want to expand the
college ability for everybody which is a
great idea right
but what they found was they expanded
the the the college opportunity for
everybody but over the past decade
decade and a half fewer people from the
lower income categories have been
graduating right so you've what you've
done is you said come on in it's like
you know it's like special operators
right if if if you lower the bar right
right and this is where I'm gonna get in
trouble probably I'll talk about the
Marines and you know allowing women into
combat elements I know oh my god well
what do they do well you lower the bar
you make it different well not nothing
could get through the course so I'm
gonna change the regulations you know
and so if you change the regulations
what they found with the college was if
you if you increase that pool of people
going it doesn't mean that they're going
to be successful right and now what
you've done is you've kind of saddled
them with some college debt and they
didn't graduate so they're still earning
what a high school you know graduate
earns and that in the system doesn't
work and so I think sometimes just the
idea throwing money at the problem or it
doesn't it's not helpful if we don't
think it through and then assess the
results so but yeah that that whole
marine experiment I think they're
they're catching it late in the chain
and I think it's good to give people the
opportunity to succeed and to advance
themselves but if you really want to
address it as a systemic problem you got
to get to the root of it which is these
unbelievably horrible neighborhoods and
these these toxic environments that
these kids are growing up and being
abused and being scared and bullied and
terrible piss-poor education you know
first through all the way up to high
school that's I mean that's really where
you have to address it I mean addressing
it just at the college level and giving
them the opportunity to get into college
and making it easier for them it doesn't
negate the terrible foundation that's
been laid by their life right yeah and I
think that's yeah we had this idea that
that college should be for everybody
right and that's okay that's great
that's I think that's where the you know
people like Cortes and Bernie Sanders
and others with their idea of free
tuition yes you know they're thinking
okay wow look at Europe you know there's
some countries in Europe have free
tuition and hey it's you know it's
relatively prosper
and there's nothing wrong with that but
at the same time you know III think we
don't we we don't assess the cost and
the overall efficiency of an idea
sometimes and so we just assume and you
know open it up let everybody go and
somehow this is gonna work right to our
advantage and the honest-to-god answer
is no you know I think somebody is
better off sometimes you know going to
you know becoming a plumber yeah you
know you may be making an honorable
living it's a great living it's a great
living is it one of the happiest guys
saying though is my plumber in Boise
that guy is I mean he's got it not right
he's always out for hunting season and
you know he'll call I'll say look I got
a I got a leak right I mean my ceilings
about the cave and he goes well I'm
going hunting sorry he's just got he's
got his own schedule right but he's got
a great job and there's nothing wrong
with that but I think we developed this
idea so like homeownership everybody
should own a home right well we saw with
that tokus yeah when you lower the
requirements and suddenly we're all you
know it's blowing up and we're fucked
but anyway yeah what do I know what do i
what do I know either but I I see your
points and I know what you're saying I
think that one thing that disturbs the
shit out of me is student loans I mean
you were one of the worst ways to
prepare a kid for the futures to saddle
them down with a quarter million dollars
worth of debt by the time they graduate
from college right now absolutely and
then they get a $50,000 a year job and
they're like what in the end they're
doing well with a $50,000 a year job
that's a great job to get out of college
and and you just look at the debt that
you have and you're like what the fuck
is this yeah how am I gonna pay this
shit yeah no I know and we have sold the
students a bill of goods yes and and and
you know some of it okay some of it's on
them right some of it you know the older
students are the ones who are willing to
take out this loan and then suddenly
they're using the money for something
else okay finally there's individual
responsibility but no I I agree with it
the student loan debt is a major issue
we occasionally that the Capitol Hill
talks about it but not really I told I
told my daughter who's a fantastic
person this is you know the biggest gift
you're getting is getting out of college
without any any debt yeah that's you
know so you know dad's not going to buy
you
your own Wagoneer you know tuition and
that's that's that's it what's best
second that's a gigantic head start for
kids no I mean it sounds so fucked up
but it's true to not be in debt is
gigantic look they're giving kids credit
cards and their frontal lobes aren't
even developed yet they're doing all
kinds of wacky they're like wow figure
it out like you ain't figuring out shit
you never figured out things up till now
and the idea that you're gonna get
magically smarter over the next six
months while you owe all this money is
crazy right you kids do oldest have a
phone yet for security purposes er what
is this what do you got here Jam clock
oh my god what is I can't even figure
out what that is 1.6 trillion to go oh
so what is this website that people can
go to this college debt com I just typed
in student loan whole long shit look at
look at that that is an insane amount of
money
thanks Munro second I said what it is
look I'm just kind of guessing I thought
what I'm seeing yeah oh that's an insane
amount of money so you just made that
number up you just look at credit cards
auto loans is that credit cards and auto
loans for us all of us Americans or
students yes and then those it's all
credit card debt what I just looked at
to on another page that had a clock it
back it's this is the same number it's
it's not including the interest on the
federal loans that's that's crazy so so
you look at that you think okay no
wonder it's a it's a popular idea of
saying you gotta write down student
loans you've got to get free tuition
going on yeah do all these things and I
again you know can the country pay for
it I don't think so should we be talking
about it absolutely she'll be looking
for other alternatives and other options
yeah but you know I think it's it's uh
you know we're not even willing to
address the issue of Social Security and
Medicare and you know and and trying to
deal with entitlements as they currently
exist which we know you know are going
to bankrupt us at some point we know
that it's not it's not a mystery and we
can't deal with that so how are we gonna
deal with these other issues well that's
what the the question I had about a guy
like Trump who doesn't seem to like to
pay attention to things how the hell is
one person supposed to be in the the
director of all these various aspects of
our world ya know I've heard that you
know from was the name The Economist
camera members name but they were a very
very smart guy very smart economist who
was talking about this and saying this
is what we expect of a president think
about all these things the president has
to be cognizant of and and and
supposedly capable of digesting a lot of
information and making decisions on a
very number of things and obviously yeah
you delegate and your to then fine but
it is an interesting system and it is
interesting how you know I mean right
now there's a lot of people that don't
have faith in the current president to
make you know some of your basic
decisions previous administration there
were a lot of people that was convinced
he could you know understand anything
right I mean he was you know capable of
all of it so I don't think the job
itself is too big and I just think that
yeah the way that we go through the
selection process has slowly over a
period of time you know gone downhill
and as you know kind of resulted in what
we're doing right now part of its that
the bullshit primary process you know
and the way that we do the initial
selection there's there's you know
there's a lot of things I suppose sure
the fact you have to be registered as a
Democrat or Republican to vote in the
primaries and all those things and then
you know it was just so everything like
the whole thing is a big mess
but on the flip side here's what's crazy
Trump doesn't seem to be aging ages so
hard yeah
they age so hard because they're paying
attention to everything and they have
real concern well yeah he seems to be
just like a fucking water on a duck's
back well you know maybe he's he's gonna
outlive us all maybe he's figured out
how to avoid the stress yeah it seemed
in the old yeah oh you remember what
present Obama looked like when he
finally walked out of office or Bill
Clinton I saw Bill Clinton not too long
ago we went down a little rock and you
saw him yeah he was at an event that we
were is a relatively small dinner and
Jason pussy yeah I'm not saying he fly
on the wall in a room with that guy but
I will say this much about him he was we
started talking I thought I was just
gonna go up and shake his hand and say
you know hey yeah mr. president you know
good to see you because I always like
the guy right and okay you know aside
from his obvious you know issue and the
problem he had in terms of his ability
to to govern and the fact he's a smart
son of a bitch and he I just found him
you know capable of the job right I just
like I did with President Bush and you
know there were good aspects of
President Obama like I don't have a dog
in the hunt right I mean I'd rather see
the results in the person but anyway
talking to President Clinton he we
started talking and he immediately went
to a agency operation an old thing that
had happened during his time when he was
president to talk about it I and and you
could tell that he I mean he had
retained a tremendous amount of
information right and we were talking
and and we ended up talking for 15
minutes or so just kind of about this
particular incident and he was kind of
curious and he wanted to you know and he
wanted to recount kind of some of the
thought process that they were you know
going through and and I found it really
interesting in the sense that that was
it it was a surprisingly deep
conversation right for some and he's
curious and I always thought that was
the most important quality for anybody
who gets in that job is he they have to
be curious right they have to be
inquisitive
and you know on the scale of you know
presidents where does the current
president you know exist in the
curiosity scale I don't know but I think
that's probably not his strong suit so
maybe that's one of the reasons why he's
not aging is because he he's you know
he's not asking that fourth or fifth
question that leads you to the point
where you go huh it's a pretty fucked up
situation now we got to worry about that
one yeah so maybe it is you know water
off the back and he's and he's he's
figured out a way to deal with stress
well on the plus side he seems to be
making business owners happy he seems at
least ones that aren't affected by the
sanctions against China because there's
like steel manufacturing and a lot of
other companies that are very upset by
yeah yeah well I think it's the
regulations that they've done that they
haven't really touted in terms of
deregulating
some of the things that make us like the
previous administration you know a lot
of good points but some bad points one
of the bad points was sort of the
hamstringing of industry through
over-regulation yes on everything right
and so lifting some of that on you know
there's this yeah you can argue whether
you know you want bigger government or
less government but you can't argue with
the fact that it did unleash you know
industry and business more than the
previous administration so that's a good
thing
but yeah look at all the other concerns
I mean now we're talking about it you
know a global slowdown okay because you
know China's numbers are looking soft
Germany's looking soft what does that
mean
everybody's worried about brexit so
there's there's a lot of things for
people to be focused on you know and I
worry sometimes that all we do here in
the states it's kind of like chase the
next you know shiny ball tinfoil because
we're all a bunch of raccoons right we
have such a short attention span for
everything and yeah anyway what am I
saying
I don't know sorry everybody was talking
about attention span the last thing
definitely want to talk to you about is
one of the things that Trump brought up
recently is the JFK case and releasing
some of the files and they wanted to
redact the information that pertained to
the people that were still alive now I
want to know what what I don't know what
you could say but what do you think
about the JFK case do you think the Lee
Harvey Oswald acted alone I can see of
all of all the sort of incidents of all
it that don't minimize it but minimize
it by calling it an incident but of all
those situations the Kennedy
assassination and MLK and Martin Luther
King's assassination those are the two
that I understand more than anything
else why they've Lincoln why people
don't believe this shit that they've
seen and why they did why they have
concerns about it
Martin Luther King more than Kennedy III
I believe that there was something there
that we still don't understand in terms
of who else was responsible and who
organized that and who who assisted in
that right I just think of those two
that's the one I've got bigger questions
on the Kennedy assassination I think
that I think that Walt pulled the
trigger I think in his mind the reason
he was doing it was for the greater good
of communism and to boost his image with
the Soviets and and with the the Cuban
regime do I think that he had assistance
I don't you know I don't think so but I
could be swayed from that with with
better evidence than I've seen but I
understand why people are so delegating
on it right because I mean look it was a
massive event right it was a massive
event but Oswald had sufficient training
you did not have to be a rocket
scientist let's figure this out it was a
different era and we don't understand it
in today's terms but when you get right
in that position and look out that
window and look at the shot that was
taken and you know what was involved in
that I was not at you know you've shot
you know you've this sounds terrible but
you know every you know anybody who's
hunted you know has taken a more
difficult shot than that yeah so that
part of it and and his motivation and
his past ties to the Soviets do I think
the Soviets were pulling the trigger on
to I think them off you were pulling the
trigger I I haven't seen anything that
convinces me that that was the case I
think that Ozma
felt like he was doing it for them or he
was going to prove himself in that
regard but again I I understand why
people have dug in the MLK one Martin
Luther King I just I think that I don't
think he acted alone what makes you
think that I think that look he was a
loser a two-bit criminal right who was
constantly getting picked up for the
shit that he was doing and ending up in
jail all right he was a mess right there
was nothing clever about him and then
leading up to the assassination he
cleaned up
right his act suddenly he went from
looking like a two-bit you know criminal
you know to a college professor
basically and he had cash he was able to
you know purchase a vehicle and he kind
of went off the grid for a while he went
on with his drive right and sort of
stayed off the grid and he behaved in a
way that he hadn't up until you know
months before this thing took place and
then he ended up in Europe you know and
I just something tells me that he had
assistance in some fashion I don't know
who write or whatever but I just that's
the one that more than any others that
I've looked at you know makes me step
back and go now we don't we don't know
the whole story here the Kennedy thing I
again maybe there's something out there
that we just haven't turned over mm-hm
it's always a possibility but yeah MLK I
think is that's the one that's most
disturbing that's interesting I don't
know enough about the MLK murder I need
to go look into that now especially if
you think that something was going on
look at his behavior what the hell was
his name again James or James Earl Ray
and I've talked to his brother I've
interviewed his brother for what for a
show a series where we did a kind of
investigative look into this mm-hm and
madhu when you're when you're looking at
this is to look at Ray's behavior in
that year leading up to the the
assassination
that's the that's the interesting for me
that's the most interesting part I mean
put it in context with everything he did
up until that point which was he was
basically again just a two-bit criminal
couldn't stay out of jail
and then you get this and you get this
change in behavior and this change in
appearance and this you know sudden
ability to you know be something that he
wasn't up until that point I guess
everybody can change but that was that
was the most striking part for me
there's no obvious source of income no
no justjust just you know just again
just a penny any criminal basically and
there was plenty of information it
wasn't like he couldn't have gathered if
you say well no he acted on his own well
okay yeah was there information yes the
leading right up to the the day before
there was talk about you know there were
news reports showing king at the
Lorraine Motel and you know coming in
and out of the room you know that he was
staying in and so it wasn't as if you
know you couldn't gather that
information on your own you know but it
was again it was that behavior leading
up to it and I'm not a conspiracy guy at
all right I've seen you know too much
shit to you know to think that you know
every conspiracies holding water so but
this one it was disturbing yeah in that
regard what that's worth yeah you should
look into it and we'll talk about next
time see what you think cuz I'd really
be interested I think I don't think
we're gonna this show that we're gonna
get ready to do here start filming in
next month is it's not going to be
looking at things like that what is a
what is it called it's gonna be called
black files they may change the names
just by the name just before we go on
the air but you know I really enjoyed
the shows that I did in the past America
Declassified with the they're looking
into conspiracies I've really enjoyed it
I really really thought it was
fascinating and I get why people feel
that way yeah Kennedy for sure when
they're on the outside the Kennedy went
to me the bullet is the most disturbing
thing yeah that bullet that just showed
up on Connolly's gurney oh look what we
found we found this bullet yeah and it's
not distorted and supposedly went
through two people and shattered bone
the magic bullet the magic bullet yeah
it's
I don't buy it I think that that bullet
came from there that's probably the most
of all things so because we looked at
the the grassy knoll su and the
possibility of spotting the other side
yeah the fuck yeah
that bullet drives me crazy that there's
more pieces of the bullet fragments in
Connolly's body when you look at the
look at the x-rays of Connolly's bodies
that show bullet fragments there's
little pieces they found little tiny
pieces of metal in his body from the
bullet fragments now but you don't see
that missing from the bullet it's
bullshit yeah the bullet thing is is and
and I again there's there's elements of
it that you look at but collectively
just you know and again maybe there's
something else out there maybe there is
and and we just haven't uncovered you
know maybe this will you know prompt you
know some additional information who
knows but yeah anyway it's it's
fascinating shit but I do get it because
it's it was such a seminal moment right
and nobody wants to think that something
that bad that horrific and that
something that could sort of shatter the
country in that fashion could be done by
one one guy Mike Lee Harvey Oswald or
John Hinckley
yeah yeah exactly I just let him out
yeah well not for good right not for
good I think it was on a release yeah
fuck out of here for life get the fuck
out of here forever
I don't care how how well you've been
behaving for 20 years while you've been
locked up in a mental assignment he shot
the president get the fuck out of here
what is wrong with people yeah it's it's
that old idea he's done his time he said
it's time yeah he's been he's been
rehabilitated and and that's always that
argument it's prison for incarceration
or is it for rehabilitation it's for us
yeah for us he shot the president get in
the cage hey can I say one thing please
we finish up this is sort of a bump for
a buddy of mine who's in Boise just
wrote his first book if anybody's out
there and they're looking for a book to
read his name is Andrew Cousins and he's
former operator who you know knows his
shit and it's his first attempt at a
fiction novel it's called a failed state
and it's set in
understand and also here in the US and
and a couple other places Turkey and
Germany and elsewhere interesting rate a
lot of technical information in there
it's a fiction novel but he's dumped a
lot of information in there so it's
clear he knows what he's talking about
but it's worth it's it's it's worth a
peek if anybody's looking for something
to read look just started looking out
for a buddy yeah he's a good guy
boy hey brother great to see you again
thank you very much and good luck with
your show
I appreciate that come on again after
it's over I'll do it thank you bye
everybody
[Music]
[Applause]